OTU_ID	Kingdom	Phylum	Class	Order	Family	Genus	Species
esv_9087	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae
esv_9084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_3159	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia
esv_5689	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9080	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9081	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium	Simplicillium sp 
esv_14192	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_5681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_5682	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5683	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Cora
esv_9083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia
esv_17811	Fungi
esv_17810	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales
esv_17812	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17815	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17817	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17816	Fungi
esv_17819	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Helicobasidiales	Helicobasidiaceae	Helicobasidium	Helicobasidium mompa 
esv_14449	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14448	Fungi
esv_10568	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium brasiliense 
esv_1032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_4511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium flavoviride 
esv_1030	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_16677	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_3121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Conlarium	Conlarium sp 
esv_6886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8933	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8932	Fungi
esv_6883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia adeliensis 
esv_1743	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8937	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8936	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8939	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15360	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15363	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13617	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15365	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15364	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6889	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16670	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Septobasidiales	Septobasidiaceae	Septobasidium	Septobasidium sp 
esv_15761	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces
esv_1038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium cyclothyrioides 
esv_10564	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17780	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10565	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15896	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_4761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae	Ceramothyrium	Ceramothyrium podocarpi 
esv_4762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Botryobasidiaceae
esv_4811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_4764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Rhinocladiella
esv_4765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium
esv_4766	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4815	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4768	Fungi
esv_4769	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus	Septoglomus sp 
esv_4818	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_14708	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14700	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14702	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11564	Fungi
esv_14704	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_14705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps sphecocephala 
esv_14706	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella simplex 
esv_17485	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14049	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13613	Fungi
esv_15339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9109	Fungi
esv_13177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10465	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10464	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis
esv_10466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales
esv_10461	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae
esv_10460	Fungi
esv_10463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae	Neodevriesia	Neodevriesia shakazului 
esv_16856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Pichiaceae	Pichia	Pichia terricola 
esv_16857	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_16526	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16415	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16852	Fungi
esv_16853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16858	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia
esv_10740	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14568	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10741	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae
esv_14564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14565	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14566	Fungi
esv_7388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_14560	Fungi
esv_14561	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14562	Fungi
esv_14563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_16527	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10743	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_10744	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16761	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10745	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Diversisporaceae	Diversispora	Diversispora sp 
esv_10746	Fungi
esv_7868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_7869	Fungi
esv_7866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_7864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium sp 
esv_7862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
esv_7860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7861	Fungi
esv_10872	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14222	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_13610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17117	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14996	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14227	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporobolomyces	Sporobolomyces roseus 
esv_10288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_10281	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Rhizophagus	Rhizophagus sp 
esv_10280	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10282	Fungi
esv_10285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10286	Fungi
esv_2338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2330	Fungi
esv_2332	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_2335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_2337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2627	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Muscodor
esv_2625	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Chaetocalathus	Chaetocalathus liliputianus 
esv_2624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_2623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Nigrograna	Nigrograna sp 
esv_2620	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales
esv_16075	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16707	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_16700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2628	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12022	Fungi
esv_12021	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12020	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12027	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12026	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae
esv_12024	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17341	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Priceomyces	Priceomyces fermenticarens 
esv_17037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Bacidina	Bacidina sp 
esv_17036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae
esv_17035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae
esv_12882	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17033	Fungi
esv_17032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Kriegeriales	Kriegeriaceae	Meredithblackwellia	Meredithblackwellia eburnea 
esv_17031	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_14654	Fungi
esv_10876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodosporidiobolus	Rhodosporidiobolus sp 
esv_17113	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_12285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_12284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae	Lepteutypa	Lepteutypa sambuci 
esv_12283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12282	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12281	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium frigidum 
esv_16568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12289	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_13861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_13488	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13489	Fungi
esv_10874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_13482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_13483	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13480	Fungi
esv_13481	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Coniothyriaceae	Camarosporium	Camarosporium sp 
esv_13487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Tainosphaeria	Tainosphaeria sp 
esv_13484	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13485	Fungi
esv_6058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Septobasidiales	Septobasidiaceae	Septobasidium	Septobasidium sp 
esv_6508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
esv_6051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_6500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_6501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella sp 
esv_3574	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum sp 
esv_6504	Fungi
esv_3577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8548	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola phialophoroides 
esv_10695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium	Corticium sp 
esv_7673	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_7672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria myriocarpa 
esv_7670	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7676	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8546	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8547	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella	Phlebiella sp 
esv_15552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15553	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_14746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15556	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10690	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9403	Fungi
esv_15888	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13863	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15558	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_9239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_14650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Troposporella	Troposporella olivacea 
esv_13730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13733	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13734	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13735	Fungi
esv_13736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16405	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis cordanae 
esv_457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9404	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_456	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9405	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_14651	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17252	Fungi
esv_15088	Fungi
esv_8931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_454	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_8930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana	Strelitziana africana 
esv_15080	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Apiosporaceae
esv_15082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_15084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15085	Fungi
esv_15086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_452	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_15776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_15777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Symmetrosporaceae	Symmetrospora	Symmetrospora vermiculata 
esv_15774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Helminthosporium
esv_15775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Gymnopilus	Gymnopilus dilepis 
esv_451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_15770	Fungi
esv_15771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Pseudorobillarda	Pseudorobillarda eucalypti 
esv_14266	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_17251	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15778	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria michotii 
esv_15361	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Nemania	Nemania macrocarpa 
esv_17250	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_5754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_5755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula paludigena 
esv_5752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_14103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Kretzschmaria	Kretzschmaria clavus 
esv_9148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phanerochaete	Phanerochaete sp 
esv_9419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_5750	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_9142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Calocera
esv_9140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
esv_9146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9145	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9144	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5744	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5746	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_17256	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_14994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16078	Fungi
esv_13579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17255	Fungi
esv_14997	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16079	Fungi
esv_17497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_11250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11701	Fungi
esv_11252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_11256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Diplodia	Diplodia pseudoseriata 
esv_11259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_11258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
esv_11708	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_13570	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10072	Fungi
esv_10070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_10076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10077	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10074	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Gs24
esv_10075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10079	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17641	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16097	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium
esv_2433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_2430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae
esv_2436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_2437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_2434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_5355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2438	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5359	Fungi
esv_6128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_8160	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia sp 
esv_14990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8166	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8167	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_10617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10614	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10615	Fungi
esv_10612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia macrospinosa 
esv_10613	Fungi
esv_10610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_10611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_17643	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_8165	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae 
esv_10618	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
esv_10619	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Arthrobotrys	Arthrobotrys dactyloides 
esv_16320	Fungi
esv_6651	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3444	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae	Heterodermia
esv_807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_801	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_803	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4599	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4598	Fungi
esv_14992	Fungi
esv_3446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_4593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_4592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_4591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_4590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_4597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_4596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_4595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella prillingeri 
esv_4594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16321	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
esv_2297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_2294	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2295	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2292	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2293	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_2291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebiopsis	Phlebiopsis sp 
esv_13257	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13256	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13254	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13253	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13252	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus	Claroideoglomus sp 
esv_13251	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales
esv_13250	Fungi
esv_14438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Septobasidiales	Septobasidiaceae	Septobasidium	Septobasidium sp 
esv_13258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_3742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6336	Fungi
esv_3747	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_3213	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_3749	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Gs24
esv_3748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium tainanense 
esv_6339	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6338	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis neophlyctidospora 
esv_16408	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae
esv_1523	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella coprosmae 
esv_1522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_1524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_1526	Fungi
esv_1529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_1528	Fungi
esv_16323	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_8213	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5930	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4813	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_13033	Fungi
esv_8214	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13031	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_4810	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_8216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
esv_6191	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella sp 
esv_6193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1251	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6197	Fungi
esv_6196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16730	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16215	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia sp 
esv_14314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Graphiaceae	Graphium	Graphium penicillioides 
esv_1257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_12559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_12558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_1255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp 
esv_16325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_1254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Uwebraunia	Uwebraunia musae 
esv_16216	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus	Coprinellus velatopruinatus 
esv_16977	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16326	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
esv_16217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12222	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16976	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium
esv_7066	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8044	Fungi
esv_7064	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_7062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_7063	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_7061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Lepista	Lepista sordida 
esv_8738	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16210	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7069	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5518	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17356	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5516	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_5511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_14432	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5513	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3967	Fungi
esv_3966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_3965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae
esv_3964	Fungi
esv_3963	Fungi
esv_3962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Ramichloridium	Ramichloridium punctatum 
esv_3961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3960	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12342	Fungi
esv_12615	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_12121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta	Pyrenochaeta sp 
esv_12347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium	Toxicocladosporium cacti 
esv_3969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Ruineniaceae	Ruinenia	Ruinenia pyrrosiae 
esv_16117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7248	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Valsariales	Valsariaceae	Valsaria	Valsaria insitiva 
esv_15743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Diutina	Diutina	Diutina catenulata 
esv_7240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae	Cephalotheca	Cephalotheca sp 
esv_14742	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_7246	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_7247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7244	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15962	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_15967	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia sp 
esv_15965	Fungi
esv_15964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae
esv_15968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae
esv_6027	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17837	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_17836	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Chrysozymaceae	Oberwinklerozyma
esv_16972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Colacogloea	Colacogloea eucalyptica 
esv_17833	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17832	Fungi
esv_17831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Lulworthiales	Lulworthiaceae	Moleospora	Moleospora sp 
esv_17839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17838	Fungi	Lecanoromycetes
esv_12927	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16119	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus
esv_13438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14086	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10543	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Septobasidiales	Septobasidiaceae	Septobasidium	Septobasidium sp 
esv_8956	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14085	Fungi
esv_10861	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8953	Fungi
esv_8952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Valsaceae	Cytospora
esv_8951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8950	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_4602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_4601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6592	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_8959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_4604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17640	Fungi
esv_17350	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14743	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_3079	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5367	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14965	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_14083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Thyridariaceae	Roussoella	Roussoella solani 
esv_4747	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4743	Fungi
esv_4740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_12923	Fungi
esv_5363	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_8236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5361	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis pratorum 
esv_11069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14768	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_11062	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_11060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_11066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14761	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia
esv_9608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_10441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Leucoagaricus	Leucoagaricus meleagris 
esv_10440	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10447	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10446	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Colacogloea
esv_10444	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9600	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_9602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_9603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16871	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium	Myrothecium sp 
esv_9607	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_16157	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Fellomyces	Fellomyces sp 
esv_10545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Papiliotrema aurea 
esv_14583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_14580	Fungi
esv_14586	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria
esv_14584	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12871	Fungi
esv_14588	Fungi
esv_12873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12874	Fungi
esv_12875	Fungi
esv_7804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Parasola
esv_7806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_7800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_7801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales
esv_12693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_7808	Fungi
esv_7809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17762	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16855	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales
esv_13865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_9296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_1950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophoma	Setophoma vernoniae 
esv_1951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1953	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_1955	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_1956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_1957	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10910	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10913	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Mycopappus	Mycopappus sp 
esv_10915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
esv_10914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae
esv_10917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_10916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10919	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17238	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum sp 
esv_17582	Fungi
esv_17581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17580	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2358	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces sp 
esv_2604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Collarina	Collarina aurantiaca 
esv_2606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_2603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_2602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria
esv_13932	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotium
esv_13930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_13931	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_13934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10549	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_13938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_13939	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16728	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16729	Fungi
esv_16542	Fungi
esv_17055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17054	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17056	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus	Coprinellus canistri 
esv_17050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora	Articulospora sp 
esv_17053	Fungi
esv_17052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Spegazzinia	Spegazzinia sp 
esv_17059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia sp 
esv_17058	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16543	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6298	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6292	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_6296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_6295	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae 
esv_8389	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14248	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8383	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8381	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8387	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8384	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_2978	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Pulveroboletus	Pulveroboletus sp 
esv_10162	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12679	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Cutaneotrichosporon	Cutaneotrichosporon smithiae 
esv_2973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces	Derxomyces waltii 
esv_2971	Fungi
esv_2977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma
esv_2975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae
esv_2974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Phyllostictaceae	Phyllosticta	Phyllosticta capitalensis 
esv_16180	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16181	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16182	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16184	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Gymnopilus
esv_16185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_16186	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16187	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon ochraceum 
esv_16189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_3002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita sp 
esv_3004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_3005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_6078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
esv_3007	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_3556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella machilophila 
esv_6075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Schizophyllaceae	Schizophyllum	Schizophyllum amplum 
esv_3553	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7651	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_7650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7653	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_7656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea compacta 
esv_7659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_7658	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_8565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula 
esv_15574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_8563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_8560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_15577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Helicobasidiales	Helicobasidiaceae
esv_10427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_13757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_13754	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis cordanae 
esv_13752	Fungi
esv_13753	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10426	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15759	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15754	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_15756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8338	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Brycekendrickomyces	Brycekendrickomyces acaciae 
esv_15751	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae	Teichospora	Teichospora mariae 
esv_15753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_15576	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
esv_9389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium	Corticium sp 
esv_8336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9385	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9384	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9387	Fungi
esv_9386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum fusiforme 
esv_9381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella	Thozetella cristata 
esv_9380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9383	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9382	Fungi
esv_14744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium sp 
esv_9161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae
esv_9160	Fungi
esv_9163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales
esv_9162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Fellomyces	Fellomyces borneensis 
esv_9166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9169	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Colacogloea
esv_12409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12408	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5725	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5724	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_16056	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5720	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12401	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12400	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12403	Fungi
esv_12402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae	Neodevriesia
esv_12405	Fungi
esv_12404	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Volvariella	Volvariella bombycina 
esv_5729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5728	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_242	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae
esv_10865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema rubi 
esv_536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Edenia	Edenia gomezpompae 
esv_16315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17589	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_247	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
esv_11277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Periglandula	Periglandula sp 
esv_11276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_11275	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_11273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11272	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_15023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Arthrobotrys	Arthrobotrys oligospora 
esv_10586	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10587	Fungi
esv_10584	Fungi
esv_10585	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pyricularia	Pyricularia pennisetigena 
esv_10583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10580	Fungi
esv_10581	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_10588	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15024	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10107	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_11184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala sp 
esv_11187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus semibulbosus 
esv_11180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11183	Fungi
esv_11182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Incertae_sedis	Peniophorella
esv_14880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14458	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9218	Fungi
esv_17430	Fungi
esv_10713	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_826	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium estuarinum 
esv_820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Arthoniomycetes	Arthoniales	Arthoniaceae	Arthothelium	Arthothelium spectabile 
esv_821	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11984	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11987	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Teratosphaeria
esv_11983	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_11982	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13618	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11989	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1090	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_1092	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_1095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Trichomerium	Trichomerium foliicola 
esv_1097	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1098	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana	Strelitziana africana 
esv_1728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Acrospermales	Incertae_sedis	Leptodiscella	Leptodiscella africana 
esv_10055	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13614	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Heterochaete	Heterochaete delicata 
esv_13235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13234	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_3769	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Fonsecaea	Fonsecaea multimorphosa 
esv_14939	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_13611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_3760	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3763	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Kamienskia
esv_3762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia sp 
esv_3765	Fungi
esv_14244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14247	Fungi
esv_14934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia epidermidis 
esv_1899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Pseudallescheria	Pseudallescheria angusta 
esv_1898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17846	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1891	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_1892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1895	Fungi
esv_1894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium sp 
esv_1897	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_18004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_1547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella
esv_1546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria sp 
esv_1544	Fungi
esv_1543	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1542	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1541	Fungi
esv_1540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_10634	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10635	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10636	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10631	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10632	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13583	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_13581	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium	Corticium sp 
esv_13587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_13586	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Jaapiales	Jaapiaceae	Jaapia	Jaapia ochroleuca 
esv_13585	Fungi
esv_13584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha sp 
esv_13589	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13588	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_17339	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3499	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3496	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Kamienskia	Kamienskia divaricata 
esv_3493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3492	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6327	Fungi
esv_12984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12985	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12986	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cyphobasidiales
esv_17271	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3756	Fungi
esv_12982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12983	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14967	Fungi
esv_12988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Fibrodontia	Fibrodontia alba 
esv_12989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14968	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_17270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia	Orbilia aurantiorubra 
esv_6824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella fuciformis 
esv_16462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12184	Fungi
esv_12186	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12187	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12182	Fungi
esv_12183	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_8719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8718	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_10701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_7008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7005	Fungi
esv_8713	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7000	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15469	Fungi
esv_7002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_8716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia
esv_2018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria hemerocallidis 
esv_2019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Gliomastix	Gliomastix sp 
esv_2011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_2014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_17272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_2017	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
esv_5531	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5536	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5534	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella
esv_3945	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_6712	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_3947	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora
esv_6710	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Scolecobasidium	Scolecobasidium constrictum 
esv_6716	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6715	Fungi
esv_6714	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Castanediella
esv_12361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12362	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1416	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
esv_12366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Muscodor
esv_12367	Fungi
esv_1147	Fungi
esv_17663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys	Stachybotrys sp 
esv_1410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis cordanae 
esv_3211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Poaceascoma	Poaceascoma helicoides 
esv_1144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15616	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15611	Fungi
esv_16701	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15610	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp 
esv_15613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_15612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma	Hyphoderma nudicephalum 
esv_4938	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Schizothyriaceae	Zygophiala	Zygophiala cryptogama 
esv_229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana	Strelitziana africana 
esv_598	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15378	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala sp 
esv_225	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_226	Fungi
esv_227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_223	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_14133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium brasiliense 
esv_17330	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_14130	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17666	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus nanyangensis 
esv_11457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14135	Fungi
esv_11454	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6843	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium nigricolor 
esv_6841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium sp 
esv_6840	Fungi
esv_6847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6845	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6844	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nalanthamala	Nalanthamala sp 
esv_8977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_8976	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_8971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium flavoviride 
esv_8970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_8973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_4621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Phallales	Clathraceae	Clathrus	Clathrus archeri 
esv_4620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4623	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_4622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_4625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4624	Fungi
esv_14456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_4626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Edenia	Edenia gomezpompae 
esv_4629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_4628	Fungi
esv_16565	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15328	Fungi
esv_17664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_16525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_17333	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Phaeoisaria	Phaeoisaria clematidis 
esv_10490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Sporoschisma	Sporoschisma hemipsilum 
esv_14457	Fungi
esv_16520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_17115	Fungi
esv_17538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16521	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_17116	Fungi
esv_17665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pyricularia	Pyricularia pennisetigena 
esv_16236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10493	Fungi
esv_4728	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_4729	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_10494	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_4722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9598	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9599	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium	Ceratobasidium sp 
esv_17112	Fungi
esv_16306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_9590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_9591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9593	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_9597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Liberomyces	Liberomyces saliciphilus 
esv_14313	Fungi
esv_16528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Helicobasidiales	Helicobasidiaceae
esv_10499	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_16529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_14311	Fungi
esv_11040	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11043	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_11046	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma cynaroidis 
esv_11518	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14748	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14749	Fungi
esv_11144	Fungi
esv_1393	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Dendryphiella	Dendryphiella paravinosa 
esv_1391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1396	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16915	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Bullera	Bullera penniseticola 
esv_1399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16892	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_16891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Pisolithaceae	Pisolithus	Pisolithus sp 
esv_10648	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16897	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9628	Fungi
esv_2543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_9627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_9624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_6181	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_9620	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Aporospora	Aporospora sp 
esv_5266	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_7828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Nigrograna	Nigrograna sp 
esv_7829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_7822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_5268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_7824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cyphobasidiales
esv_7825	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_5098	Fungi
esv_5095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_5097	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5096	Fungi
esv_5090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16912	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15376	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus longistriatus 
esv_1979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_1977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana
esv_1975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Ilyonectria	Ilyonectria macrodidyma 
esv_1972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Meyerozyma
esv_1973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora guyanensis 
esv_10937	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17216	Fungi
esv_17215	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10932	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae
esv_17210	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17219	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
esv_5897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5896	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2371	Fungi
esv_2370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_2373	Fungi
esv_2372	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13910	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13911	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13912	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13913	Fungi
esv_5899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
esv_2378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_8891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
esv_16790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Acremoniopsis	Acremoniopsis suttonii 
esv_16686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_17973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16088	Fungi
esv_17078	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Incertae_sedis	Peniophorella	Peniophorella odontiiformis 
esv_17073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces shapotouensis 
esv_17072	Fungi
esv_17071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_17070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Bjerkandera	Bjerkandera sp 
esv_17077	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17076	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17074	Fungi
esv_17516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae 
esv_12280	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Fuscoporia	Fuscoporia ferruginosa 
esv_6270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_6272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Athelia
esv_6275	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6276	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_6279	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
esv_8360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15299	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8362	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8365	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8366	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8367	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Ephelis	Ephelis tripsaci 
esv_2951	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_2952	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_2956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_8804	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_15273	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16824	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16174	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8182	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3024	Fungi
esv_6017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_3022	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Uwebraunia	Uwebraunia musae 
esv_3532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Microdiplodia	Microdiplodia sp 
esv_3533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_3538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_3539	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_3029	Fungi
esv_7637	Fungi
esv_7635	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8500	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7631	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_7630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_15516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15517	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_7639	Fungi
esv_7638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16308	Fungi
esv_16309	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Fellomyces	Fellomyces horovitziae 
esv_16300	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16301	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13770	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13772	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16453	Fungi
esv_16176	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9363	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella sp 
esv_9361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_9360	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_9367	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_9366	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15885	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12798	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12791	Fungi
esv_12790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12793	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12792	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_12797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Sporothrix	Sporothrix sp 
esv_12796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Incertae_sedis	Candida
esv_14712	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Tainosphaeria	Tainosphaeria sp 
esv_698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_695	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Heterogastridiales	Heterogastridiaceae	Pycnopulvinus	Pycnopulvinus aurantiacus 
esv_696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_691	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_690	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_693	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma sp 
esv_8187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Exserohilum	Exserohilum oryzicola 
esv_9106	Fungi
esv_9105	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9104	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora	Acaulospora minuta 
esv_5709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_5708	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9101	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5705	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_5703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_6059	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12426	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12425	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12424	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Gyrothrix	Gyrothrix verticiclada 
esv_12420	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16505	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8051	Fungi
esv_16563	Fungi
esv_8056	Fungi
esv_8057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8726	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis pratorum 
esv_16560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3571	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium sp 
esv_6053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6054	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_11216	Fungi
esv_11210	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_6055	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9235	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9234	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10563	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9892	Fungi
esv_9895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9894	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9897	Fungi
esv_17155	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9896	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia
esv_14613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
esv_8540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_2497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces	Derxomyces qinlingensis 
esv_9898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2142	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Microdiplodia	Microdiplodia sp 
esv_8543	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8544	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11937	Fungi
esv_16564	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae
esv_843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera coccophila 
esv_844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_847	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_14481	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_14480	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Exobasidiomycetes	Exobasidiales	Brachybasidiaceae	Meira	Meira geulakonigii 
esv_14486	Fungi
esv_14485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_1708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
esv_15881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophoma	Setophoma sp 
esv_1700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_1702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_1705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_1706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16939	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16938	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12608	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_15126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10036	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10037	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_10035	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Incertae_sedis	Gs10
esv_10032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_10033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Oidiodendron
esv_10031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Helminthosporium	Helminthosporium asterinum 
esv_13212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_13211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Caliciaceae
esv_13210	Fungi
esv_13217	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13216	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Septobasidiales	Septobasidiaceae	Septobasidium	Septobasidium sp 
esv_13219	Fungi
esv_13218	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12603	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3708	Fungi
esv_14267	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_14264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia
esv_3703	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Fibrodontia	Fibrodontia alba 
esv_14261	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3700	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12600	Fungi
esv_1569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_1565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea 
esv_12355	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1567	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2817	Fungi
esv_1560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_1562	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales	Olpidiaceae	Olpidium	Olpidium brassicae 
esv_17684	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5846	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17687	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_12605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9794	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_12604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Ramophialophora	Ramophialophora humicola 
esv_17688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16441	Fungi
esv_9795	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17960	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Schizophyllaceae	Schizophyllum	Schizophyllum amplum 
esv_16247	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6335	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16246	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17965	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces shapotouensis 
esv_16245	Fungi
esv_5288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebia
esv_5289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae
esv_9792	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13739	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5280	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_5281	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5282	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5284	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_5286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6334	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_14459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_6483	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_6481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis pratorum 
esv_16240	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6485	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Kriegeriales	Kriegeriaceae
esv_6484	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17662	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12160	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12161	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_12167	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12165	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Auriscalpiaceae	Gloeodontia	Gloeodontia eriobotryae 
esv_12168	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12169	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_7023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_7021	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophoma	Setophoma sp 
esv_7024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_7025	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8777	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7029	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8770	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
esv_14450	Fungi
esv_16249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_2038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella	Thozetella sp 
esv_2039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladium buxicola 
esv_2036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium sp 
esv_2030	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_2031	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pleurotaceae	Hohenbuehelia	Hohenbuehelia portegna 
esv_6731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_6733	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6732	Fungi
esv_6735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6737	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6736	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6739	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus
esv_6738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
esv_15959	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_12307	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium homopilatum 
esv_12305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora livistonae 
esv_12303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_12300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_12301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Thelonectria	Thelonectria rubi 
esv_3141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12308	Fungi
esv_3140	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7287	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_7283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae
esv_7280	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Ramichloridium	Ramichloridium indicum 
esv_7288	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15951	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana
esv_205	Fungi
esv_202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum taiwanense 
esv_9424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_208	Fungi
esv_209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladium buxicola 
esv_17873	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17872	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_8198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_17876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Capronia
esv_17879	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8190	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8197	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys divergens 
esv_8195	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8194	Fungi
esv_4391	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces
esv_4392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_16446	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4394	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_4398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9821	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9823	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia sp 
esv_9825	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9826	Fungi
esv_9827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina sp 
esv_9828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_9829	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6869	Fungi
esv_1006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis sp 
esv_6861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Ceratocystidaceae
esv_6860	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6865	Fungi
esv_1004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_6867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Helminthosporium	Helminthosporium velutinum 
esv_8993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
esv_8992	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15309	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1005	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala sp 
esv_15303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_15302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_8999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_15307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_15306	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15305	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1003	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium
esv_4646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_4645	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12905	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_4648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17636	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_12940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Sphaerobolaceae	Sphaerobolus	Sphaerobolus ingoldii 
esv_4703	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Resupinatus	Resupinatus applicatus 
esv_4701	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4707	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_4704	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Exserohilum	Exserohilum rostratum 
esv_12944	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
esv_12945	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_11717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_12947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae
esv_14056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys sp 
esv_16423	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14057	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16422	Fungi
esv_6473	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Helminthosporium
esv_14051	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11026	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11027	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella fusca 
esv_11025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella fuciformis 
esv_11022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_16427	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14053	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella vietnamensis 
esv_11028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_16426	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Sparassis	Sparassis crispa 
esv_17801	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
esv_16425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus
esv_9644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_9645	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_9646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Parateratosphaeria	Parateratosphaeria persoonii 
esv_9647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea
esv_9641	Fungi
esv_9643	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Incertae_sedis	Sistotremastrum
esv_5113	Fungi
esv_5114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Dichotomopilus	Dichotomopilus subfunicola 
esv_5115	Fungi
esv_5116	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5117	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon
esv_16931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Poaceascoma	Poaceascoma helicoides 
esv_12902	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14472	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17895	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16251	Fungi
esv_10737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_16930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10731	Fungi
esv_12903	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma chamaecyparidis 
esv_16506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_10730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_5073	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_5071	Fungi
esv_5077	Fungi
esv_11933	Fungi
esv_5075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_5074	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_5079	Fungi
esv_5078	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_11538	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14019	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales
esv_17654	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14235	Fungi
esv_11530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidales	Kirschsteiniotheliaceae	Kirschsteiniothelia	Kirschsteiniothelia emarceis 
esv_11532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
esv_11534	Fungi
esv_11535	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Nemania
esv_11537	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Pseudocercospora
esv_1915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1916	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1912	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1913	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_10771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Asteromella	Asteromella pistaciarum 
esv_10770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_10773	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_10772	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10775	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_10953	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10776	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_17851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_14232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium	Myrothecium sp 
esv_14471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_14233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13978	Fungi
esv_13979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_13976	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces
esv_13977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Torulaceae	Torula	Torula hollandica 
esv_13974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_13975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_13972	Fungi
esv_13973	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_12896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_14476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17091	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae
esv_17093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces
esv_12895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17094	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Chaetospermum	Chaetospermum camelliae 
esv_17096	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica 
esv_17313	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16934	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14859	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6257	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_6255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_6253	Fungi
esv_6250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_6251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_12962	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Castanediella
esv_6259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidales	Kirschsteiniotheliaceae	Kirschsteiniothelia	Kirschsteiniothelia tectonae 
esv_8346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
esv_8345	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_8692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp 
esv_8341	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_8699	Fungi
esv_8349	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae
esv_2933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_2932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_2930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12963	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebia	Phlebia acanthocystis 
esv_2939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_3518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_3519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_3512	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_6033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_6031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
esv_6036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_6037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae
esv_3042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_6035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12827	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17218	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9418	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4092	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_4096	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_4094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_15533	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_4099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea compacta 
esv_15538	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15539	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13030	Fungi
esv_13792	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13793	Fungi
esv_13790	Fungi
esv_13791	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13796	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13797	Fungi
esv_13794	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16328	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13798	Fungi
esv_13799	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9417	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6067	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus semibulbosus 
esv_9411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14478	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_9410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Arthoniomycetes	Lichenostigmatales	Phaeococcomycetaceae	Phaeococcomyces	Phaeococcomyces nigricans 
esv_446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_8944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_16027	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9341	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema flavescens 
esv_14857	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_9347	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_441	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_14059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium	Sarocladium strictum 
esv_14850	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8528	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7348	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_7619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp 
esv_7618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Periglandula	Periglandula sp 
esv_7615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7341	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7347	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_7345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_7344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_15371	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora
esv_9129	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_9125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_9127	Fungi
esv_9126	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia macrospinosa 
esv_9120	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9123	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17786	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12444	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_12441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces
esv_12443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_12442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_12449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_12448	Fungi
esv_15798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Geoglossum
esv_15799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Tubeufia	Tubeufia sp 
esv_15790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta sp 
esv_14139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_15792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15793	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_15796	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15797	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_14853	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_16792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_14862	Fungi
esv_17405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_9919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8839	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe sp 
esv_11230	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11236	Fungi
esv_8830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_8832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Polyplosphaeria	Polyplosphaeria fusca 
esv_8833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8834	Fungi
esv_8835	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Lulworthiales	Lulworthiaceae	Moleospora	Moleospora sp 
esv_8837	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_14439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Savoryellales	Savoryellaceae	Canalisporium	Canalisporium pulchrum 
esv_17441	Fungi
esv_13545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_10215	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12840	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17183	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_13541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17182	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9913	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14739	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_17644	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8177	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora	Acaulospora minuta 
esv_5959	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_8171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria myriocarpa 
esv_2209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_14738	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_2208	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces	Derxomyces waltii 
esv_12842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11941	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_868	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_11945	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11944	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_11499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_6644	Fungi
esv_862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae	Capnodium	Capnodium sp 
esv_860	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_866	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_867	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma omnivirens 
esv_865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_6130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium	Tolypocladium inegoense 
esv_1768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_6137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_1765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_1761	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus magnus 
esv_1760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2201	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10540	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Wallrothiella	Wallrothiella subiculosa 
esv_10546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_10544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Microdiplodia	Microdiplodia sp 
esv_16917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16916	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6134	Fungi
esv_10019	Fungi
esv_16911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_13895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium cuboideum 
esv_13894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Naohideales	Naohideaceae	Naohidea	Naohidea sebacea 
esv_13897	Fungi
esv_2202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_13892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
esv_13898	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3724	Fungi
esv_14207	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_3723	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14202	Fungi
esv_5926	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_3728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_1583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_1580	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1587	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium
esv_1585	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Geminibasidiomycetes	Geminibasidiales	Geminibasidiaceae	Geminibasidium	Geminibasidium sp 
esv_1584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella sepelibilis 
esv_1589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1588	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_8203	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8200	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
esv_8207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_11436	Fungi
esv_4807	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16963	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8205	Fungi
esv_4801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae
esv_8204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium	Tolypocladium sp 
esv_4803	Fungi
esv_4802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
esv_12238	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5910	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_2232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria michotii 
esv_2233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5914	Fungi
esv_2235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_5916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2237	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2586	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_2239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17173	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_2583	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Eremomycetaceae
esv_2581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium sp 
esv_3181	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_16108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Panaeolus	Panaeolus subfirmus 
esv_3183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_3185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_3184	Fungi
esv_3187	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium homopilatum 
esv_12142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_12143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chaetomellaceae	Chaetomella	Chaetomella raphigera 
esv_12144	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12545	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8754	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8751	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae
esv_8750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_8753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium	Toxicocladosporium strelitziae 
esv_8752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Amaurodon
esv_12540	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon erythrostroma 
esv_12541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_2054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_2055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae	Neodevriesia	Neodevriesia pakbiae 
esv_2056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium
esv_2057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13099	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2051	Fungi
esv_2052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11707	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_12543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_2058	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_2059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Bullera	Bullera sp 
esv_13093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_13092	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6757	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_6755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12118	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Schizothyriaceae	Zygophiala	Zygophiala cryptogama 
esv_11705	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae	Taphrina	Taphrina antarctica 
esv_6750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12324	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12326	Fungi
esv_11704	Fungi
esv_12320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12321	Fungi
esv_6759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_16107	Fungi
esv_260	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_261	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Paramycosphaerella	Paramycosphaerella intermedia 
esv_265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Leptospora	Leptospora rubella 
esv_267	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium colombiense 
esv_269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium
esv_15493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_15491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15490	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15496	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_13639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13638	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13631	Fungi
esv_13633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_13632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_13635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales
esv_13634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_17175	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13636	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3989	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Incertae_sedis	Operculomyces	Operculomyces laminatus 
esv_3988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_9805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Curvularia nicotiae 
esv_9803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_9800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Lecanicillium sp 
esv_3981	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3985	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Symmetrosporaceae	Symmetrospora	Symmetrospora vermiculata 
esv_3987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3986	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7409	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16513	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6808	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_6806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Phialemoniopsis	Phialemoniopsis ocularis 
esv_6804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
esv_6803	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6802	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6801	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_4668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15679	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15678	Fungi
esv_15677	Fungi
esv_4664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_4667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
esv_4661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Absconditella	Absconditella rubra 
esv_4660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea compacta 
esv_4663	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_17564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Microdiplodia	Microdiplodia sp 
esv_5350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5351	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_5357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_16014	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17231	Fungi
esv_5358	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16584	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16586	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Gs24
esv_17230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16587	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16307	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16581	Fungi
esv_16582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Incertae_sedis	Candida	Candida cellulosicola 
esv_16583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces sp 
esv_9668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Dichotomopilus	Dichotomopilus pratensis 
esv_9669	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium	Corticium sp 
esv_9663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_9660	Fungi
esv_9661	Fungi
esv_9666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_9667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_9664	Fungi
esv_9665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Phaffomycetaceae	Cyberlindnera	Cyberlindnera sargentensis 
esv_5138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon
esv_5139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_5136	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_5137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5134	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_5133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5130	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
esv_11949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_16862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae
esv_3955	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_16861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Tremellodendropsidales
esv_4985	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16860	Fungi
esv_4980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Melanotrigonum	Melanotrigonum ovale 
esv_4982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Torulaceae	Torula	Torula herbarum 
esv_12804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae
esv_16867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Trimorphomyces	Trimorphomyces sakaeraticus 
esv_4989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora
esv_5059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_5058	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16865	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14933	Fungi
esv_5051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5053	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_5052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5054	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5057	Fungi
esv_5056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16364	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14932	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11009	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_11004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema pseudoalba 
esv_11005	Fungi
esv_11006	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_11550	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium variabile 
esv_10201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10200	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10971	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10205	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_10207	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10206	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10757	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_10755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10754	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pyricularia	Pyricularia sp 
esv_10751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10750	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_16363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_13954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13955	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13956	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13950	Fungi
esv_13951	Fungi
esv_13952	Fungi
esv_13953	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9808	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
esv_14930	Fungi
esv_8858	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Naohideales	Naohideaceae	Naohidea	Naohidea sebacea 
esv_14832	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_14698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_6238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_6239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales
esv_6234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae
esv_6235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae
esv_6236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_6230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_14697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_6232	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6233	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus 
esv_1249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_1938	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_14598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_1932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Uncispora	Uncispora sinensis 
esv_1241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
esv_1242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_1243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium
esv_1245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella cucumerina 
esv_2919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_2918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2917	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_2916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Sarcopodium	Sarcopodium circinosetiferum 
esv_2911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae	Leptoxyphium	Leptoxyphium madagascariense 
esv_2910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium	Pleurothecium recurvatum 
esv_2913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_2912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Heterochaete	Heterochaete shearii 
esv_13402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Symmetrosporaceae	Symmetrospora	Symmetrospora vermiculata 
esv_16123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13401	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13406	Fungi
esv_13407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Incertae_sedis	Paramicrothyrium	Paramicrothyrium sp 
esv_13404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_13405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16699	Fungi
esv_13408	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17842	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3062	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6583	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6581	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_3066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_3067	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3064	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_3068	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae
esv_14433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum
esv_16429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_16346	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16347	Fungi
esv_6507	Fungi
esv_16345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_16342	Fungi
esv_16343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycopsidaceae	Saccharomycopsis	Saccharomycopsis babjevae 
esv_16340	Fungi
esv_16341	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Cutaneotrichosporon	Cutaneotrichosporon dermatis 
esv_8302	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14960	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Simocybe	Simocybe sumptuosa 
esv_8652	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8328	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_7188	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_7184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7187	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7186	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7181	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_7180	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
esv_7182	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7870	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_9325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium	Myrothecium sp 
esv_8305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_9323	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9321	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia fuscosuccinea 
esv_9320	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_8308	Fungi
esv_17590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_7361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Simocybe	Simocybe sumptuosa 
esv_7360	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurotheciella	Pleurotheciella rivularia 
esv_7362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7364	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_805	Fungi
esv_7369	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_15802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium hetheringtonii 
esv_15803	Fungi
esv_15804	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15805	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15807	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8478	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9497	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_9490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Onygenaceae	Myriodontium	Myriodontium keratinophilum 
esv_9493	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Trichothecium	Trichothecium roseum 
esv_8169	Fungi
esv_9499	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_12469	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16271	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_12461	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12467	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Heterocephalacria	Heterocephalacria sp 
esv_12464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7783	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_7781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_14490	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_7780	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_7786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Thyridariaceae	Roussoella	Roussoella solani 
esv_744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus affinis 
esv_6042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_740	Fungi
esv_7784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_748	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15462	Fungi
esv_8818	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8817	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8815	Fungi
esv_8812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_8810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_6041	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_15467	Fungi
esv_8	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Cordyceps	Cordyceps locustiphila 
esv_9	Fungi
esv_6040	Fungi
esv_7	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella intricans 
esv_15010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15468	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_15112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_15113	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_15116	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_5406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_11967	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11966	Fungi
esv_11965	Fungi
esv_14196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia
esv_11963	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11962	Fungi
esv_11961	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14198	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11969	Fungi
esv_11968	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1745	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_1744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_4510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_1037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1740	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium archidendri 
esv_10560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Pseudoplectania	Pseudoplectania ericae 
esv_10561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_4519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_4518	Fungi
esv_1749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys divergens 
esv_1748	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10566	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10567	Fungi
esv_16975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Triplosphaeria	Triplosphaeria maxima 
esv_16974	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella globispora 
esv_16971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16970	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16973	Fungi
esv_13609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
esv_16979	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
esv_11619	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14229	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14228	Fungi
esv_14999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae
esv_14998	Fungi
esv_16086	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus	Claroideoglomus sp 
esv_5405	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_11610	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_11614	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11617	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Gs24
esv_11616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala opportunistica 
esv_10698	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10699	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7963	Fungi
esv_7962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_7960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Leptospora	Leptospora rubella 
esv_7967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_10693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7965	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Ceratocystidaceae
esv_17531	Fungi
esv_13259	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_3743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_15868	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_6787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_6789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6331	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_6332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Geosmithia	Geosmithia sp 
esv_5936	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_2213	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2210	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_5938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chloridium
esv_5939	Fungi
esv_5401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12126	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_3219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12125	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12122	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_2341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Ceratocystidaceae
esv_17758	Fungi
esv_17759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales
esv_2614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_17752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17750	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_2615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_17756	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17757	Fungi
esv_17754	Fungi
esv_17755	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16732	Fungi
esv_2072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2073	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2070	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Xylomelasma
esv_2077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
esv_2074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum taiwanense 
esv_16593	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16592	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16591	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_16597	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_16594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_16599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales
esv_16598	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16736	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella chlamydospora 
esv_12870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
esv_4416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12872	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae
esv_12690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12692	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4417	Fungi
esv_12879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria	Xylaria sp 
esv_16734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12698	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4414	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4412	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16739	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12481	Fungi
esv_16139	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6124	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11343	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12482	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12485	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_12484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7798	Fungi
esv_7799	Fungi
esv_248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_539	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_537	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_533	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Gonatophragmium	Gonatophragmium triuniae 
esv_15470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15473	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13038	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
esv_4418	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15477	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15476	Fungi
esv_15479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae
esv_15478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_9868	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Spegazzinia	Spegazzinia sp 
esv_13619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Melanotrigonum	Melanotrigonum ovale 
esv_9864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9866	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9861	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9863	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Apiosporaceae	Arthrinium
esv_3309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma sp 
esv_13032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium	Corticium sp 
esv_3303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
esv_6774	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_3301	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6771	Fungi
esv_6770	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria	Tetraplosphaeria nagasakiensis 
esv_14121	Fungi
esv_6825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6127	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6823	Fungi
esv_6822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7426	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_16041	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Trichomerium	Trichomerium foliicola 
esv_7425	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Cutaneotrichosporon	Cutaneotrichosporon cutaneum 
esv_6829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
esv_7420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria	Xylaria sp 
esv_16040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_4683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria sp 
esv_15614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4681	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_4687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis pratorum 
esv_4686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium hasegawianum 
esv_14767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15618	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14128	Fungi
esv_14129	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5937	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15676	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17475	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17028	Fungi
esv_17474	Fungi
esv_17114	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales
esv_17472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria	Tetraplosphaeria sasicola 
esv_17471	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5488	Fungi
esv_5489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Lecanicillium sp 
esv_5487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_17470	Fungi
esv_5482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella sp 
esv_5483	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_6194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10379	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14306	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_9753	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14300	Fungi
esv_14653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_9680	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9681	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9682	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9683	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9685	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9686	Fungi
esv_9687	Fungi
esv_9688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales
esv_9689	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14303	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Leucoagaricus
esv_2555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_5156	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5157	Fungi
esv_5150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Cystobasidium	Cystobasidium sp 
esv_5152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_5153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_2557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
esv_17969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_17968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
esv_5276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_17961	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_9751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17964	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
esv_17966	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7888	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_7884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_7885	Fungi
esv_7886	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_7880	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7882	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7883	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5039	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium schulzeri 
esv_5036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria pseudopeziza 
esv_5032	Fungi
esv_5031	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6695	Fungi
esv_2559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15812	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae
esv_14055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_11577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales
esv_14050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11571	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11572	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_11578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Curvularia lunata 
esv_17507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_10226	Fungi
esv_10225	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10224	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10223	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10222	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_10220	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus ranarum 
esv_15811	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10739	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10738	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10229	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10228	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
esv_2687	Fungi
esv_2686	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_2683	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_1025	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nematophilum 
esv_10794	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella fuzhouensis 
esv_1488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1489	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1482	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_1481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_1486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria sp 
esv_1484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria sp 
esv_16784	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella intricans 
esv_6212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales
esv_6213	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_6216	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_6215	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_6219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Lecanicillium sp 
esv_8958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_1268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
esv_1267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea compacta 
esv_1262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_1263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_1260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1261	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_13428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces
esv_13420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13421	Fungi
esv_13422	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13423	Fungi
esv_13424	Fungi
esv_13426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Phaeoisaria	Phaeoisaria clematidis 
esv_13427	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15289	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15702	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15913	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_15281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Gibellulopsis	Gibellulopsis piscis 
esv_16368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma sp 
esv_16369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_15910	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Phaeophleospora	Phaeophleospora hymenocallidicola 
esv_16366	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16360	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_16362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_8879	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7163	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis isabellina 
esv_7162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_8300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_7160	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
esv_7166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7165	Fungi
esv_7164	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8658	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Incertae_sedis	Hasegawazyma	Hasegawazyma lactosa 
esv_7169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9305	Fungi
esv_9304	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_9306	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9300	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella	Volutella sp 
esv_9302	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Erysiphe
esv_7307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycopsidaceae	Saccharomycopsis	Saccharomycopsis vini 
esv_7306	Fungi
esv_7305	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria	Xylaria tuberoides 
esv_7301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7300	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15866	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15867	Fungi
esv_15864	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp 
esv_15862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium curvulum 
esv_15863	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7309	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7308	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_184	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_181	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp 
esv_182	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_12488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_16190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15915	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_14917	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_6049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium sp 
esv_6048	Fungi
esv_8041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14916	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_8043	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Postia	Postia alni 
esv_761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6043	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_762	Fungi
esv_764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_767	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3562	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6517	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus glaucotinctus 
esv_4148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_3560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8872	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
esv_15282	Fungi
esv_6511	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4142	Fungi
esv_4143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4145	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_6513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_14236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_15441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_14913	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella cucphuongensis 
esv_15130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15132	Fungi
esv_15133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Gymnoascaceae
esv_15134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_15135	Fungi
esv_15136	Fungi
esv_15137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8553	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomeraceae_sp_4210
esv_14912	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Jahnulales	Aliquandostipitaceae	Jahnula	Jahnula appendiculata 
esv_15450	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8550	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora sp 
esv_11908	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_11904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Physalacria
esv_11907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_1607	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11901	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_11903	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11902	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16711	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4530	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_1013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium archidendri 
esv_1012	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Mycoleptodiscus	Mycoleptodiscus sp 
esv_4534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_1017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera larvarum 
esv_1016	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15567	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16959	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita indica 
esv_10507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
esv_10505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia diffluens 
esv_10500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12349	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12618	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_3836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16258	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17111	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7133	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16294	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae
esv_11637	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11636	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_11634	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5853	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora	Acaulospora kentinensis 
esv_6730	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5855	Fungi
esv_14810	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5854	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Pseudorobillarda	Pseudorobillarda siamensis 
esv_7943	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7945	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_5857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_7947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Calceomyces	Calceomyces lacunosus 
esv_7949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Capronia	Capronia sp 
esv_7948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Ganodermataceae	Ganoderma
esv_12611	Fungi
esv_13370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meripilaceae
esv_12344	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_14811	Fungi
esv_13372	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella
esv_13373	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
esv_14919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium archidendri 
esv_16255	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Phallales	Clathraceae	Clathrus	Clathrus archeri 
esv_13376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14812	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17195	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17196	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_17190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_17192	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae	Physcia	Physcia austrostellaris 
esv_16786	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2279	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16787	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Trichosporon	Trichosporon asahii 
esv_2277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2273	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13853	Fungi
esv_13855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_13857	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13859	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13858	Fungi
esv_17304	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Hypomyces	Hypomyces sp 
esv_12106	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10059	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea compacta 
esv_12102	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_12103	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae	Verrucaria
esv_17770	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales
esv_17657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus velutinus 
esv_17772	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium lycopodinum 
esv_17774	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_17776	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17778	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14429	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pleurotaceae	Pleurotus	Pleurotus cystidiosus 
esv_14428	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_2091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_2093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Claviceps	Claviceps maximensis 
esv_2094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_2096	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_2099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17652	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_975	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_977	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma podzolica 
esv_12816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_12817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp 
esv_12814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae
esv_11906	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Goffeauzyma	Goffeauzyma sp 
esv_12812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_12813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12810	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_14421	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14874	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12818	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_2899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14875	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14423	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2890	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_2894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_2895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales
esv_2896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4539	Fungi
esv_4538	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylella	Dactylella xinjiangensis 
esv_16713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_14944	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus semibulbosus 
esv_8463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8462	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_8467	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8466	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8464	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales
esv_4332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala sp 
esv_4330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_15451	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1010	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_4533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Coniosporium	Coniosporium sp 
esv_15459	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15458	Fungi
esv_9842	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9843	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4532	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_9846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9847	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13672	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gliocladiopsis	Gliocladiopsis peggii 
esv_13679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_13678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6793	Fungi
esv_3320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_6791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6790	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_4537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6795	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_3328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_6798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11827	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_7445	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7446	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7447	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_7441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_7442	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_14231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_15631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Aplosporellaceae	Aplosporella
esv_7449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_17785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17787	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10170	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17781	Fungi
esv_16659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_517	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_514	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_515	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys divergens 
esv_510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_511	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17782	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
esv_16956	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9510	Fungi
esv_9511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Absconditella	Absconditella rubra 
esv_9512	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_9514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
esv_9515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9517	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16438	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16954	Fungi
esv_12930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_16435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16436	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16437	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5178	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5179	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16432	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11801	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5172	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_5173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_5170	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5171	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5176	Fungi
esv_5177	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5175	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17830	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15831	Fungi
esv_11802	Fungi
esv_17949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17948	Fungi
esv_13174	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Bulleribasidium	Bulleribasidium oberjochense 
esv_17945	Fungi
esv_17944	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17943	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_15757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Subulicystidium	Subulicystidium brachysporum 
esv_10967	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15830	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5015	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus ranarum 
esv_5014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5017	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_5016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_5010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_5019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_16904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys
esv_15835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae	Dipodascaceae_sp_14564
esv_15958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_4940	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4941	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2463	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1465	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4496	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces	Derxomyces waltii 
esv_4949	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_4495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera larvarum 
esv_4492	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_4493	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4490	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_12332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15837	Fungi
esv_1204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_1206	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1207	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_1201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_1202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_1203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10245	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10247	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10246	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_10242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15836	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_16168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_13449	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13446	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_13444	Fungi
esv_13445	Fungi
esv_13442	Fungi
esv_13443	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16160	Fungi
esv_13441	Fungi
esv_6098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
esv_6094	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Naohideales	Naohideaceae	Naohidea	Naohidea sebacea 
esv_6096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae
esv_6090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_6093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_17245	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16382	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16380	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_16384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_16385	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12336	Fungi
esv_16388	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16389	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Helminthosporium	Helminthosporium asterinum 
esv_10868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12335	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1008	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7140	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylella	Dactylella arnaudii 
esv_7142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_7144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium coccotrypicola 
esv_7147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_8672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_8673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8671	Fungi
esv_8678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
esv_8679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus funiculosus 
esv_6638	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6639	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9985	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
esv_9984	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella strangulata 
esv_9983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_9980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_6630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Nemania	Nemania bipapillata 
esv_6632	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6635	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_6636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Lecanicillium sp 
esv_6637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium
esv_12710	Fungi
esv_12713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_12715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12714	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12717	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pleurotaceae	Hohenbuehelia	Hohenbuehelia portegna 
esv_12719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_7329	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7324	Fungi
esv_7327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Leprocaulales	Leprocaulaceae	Leprocaulon
esv_7326	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_8581	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Coniosporium	Coniosporium sp 
esv_7322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15844	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15846	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_15840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_15841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_15346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis cordanae 
esv_9438	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_15848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Calonectria
esv_15345	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_5787	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5786	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes
esv_5781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5782	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_15343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella sepelibilis 
esv_4257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Polyporaceae
esv_5789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_5788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_15342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales
esv_15341	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Discosia	Discosia sp 
esv_166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Asteromella	Asteromella pistaciarum 
esv_165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum thailandicum 
esv_163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Trichomerium
esv_162	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_11929	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8765	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_13551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_709	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_14652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae
esv_703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_705	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8855	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_4168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_4169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Mycoleptodiscus	Mycoleptodiscus sp 
esv_4166	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_4167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_4164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
esv_4165	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Phallales	Clathraceae	Clathrus	Clathrus archeri 
esv_4160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces stollii 
esv_13558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_9189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
esv_5814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9184	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma sp 
esv_9182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_9181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis cordanae 
esv_9180	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5817	Fungi
esv_17856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Coniophoraceae	Coniophora	Coniophora marmorata 
esv_15152	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15153	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15151	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales
esv_15159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Hypomyces	Hypomyces sp 
esv_10888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11431	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Rhizophagus
esv_11430	Fungi
esv_11433	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella beljakovae 
esv_11920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_11435	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11434	Fungi
esv_11389	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11388	Fungi
esv_11387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11386	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Kazachstania	Kazachstania jiainica 
esv_11381	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16797	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium
esv_4553	Fungi
esv_3464	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_4551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Teratosphaeria	Teratosphaeria sp 
esv_4550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_10524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10525	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
esv_10520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_10521	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_10523	Fungi
esv_9723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea compacta 
esv_9721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_9720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_10529	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9724	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5954	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_6100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Pichiaceae	Pichia	Pichia kluyveri 
esv_16740	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11655	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11654	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11657	Fungi
esv_11656	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11651	Fungi
esv_11650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_11653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_6777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys sp 
esv_5950	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_2271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_15639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae
esv_7504	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium	Stemphylium sp 
esv_6358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7925	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_7923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Campylospora	Campylospora parvula 
esv_7922	Fungi
esv_10239	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8239	Fungi
esv_7929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella	Volutella consors 
esv_7928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3862	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_8237	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_1693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3866	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1690	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1697	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_1695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_3867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10380	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10382	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_10383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes
esv_10384	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae
esv_10385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_10386	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Bulleribasidium	Bulleribasidium oberjochense 
esv_10231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10389	Fungi
esv_17178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_2520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_2523	Fungi
esv_2524	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_5207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_5208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Ceratocystidaceae	Davidsoniella	Davidsoniella australis 
esv_5979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_17515	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13877	Fungi
esv_13876	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Helminthosporium	Helminthosporium asterinum 
esv_13873	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Kretzschmaria	Kretzschmaria sp 
esv_13870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae	Corollospora	Corollospora fusca 
esv_13879	Fungi
esv_13878	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_14680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_14974	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_17717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Nigrograna	Nigrograna sp 
esv_17714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12107	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys divergens 
esv_9908	Fungi
esv_17710	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16179	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_4749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_17718	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16178	Fungi
esv_14973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
esv_16175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_11241	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_958	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Passalora	Passalora intermedia 
esv_956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_955	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Dothiorella
esv_953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales
esv_951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis sp 
esv_16171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_11713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_16170	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13387	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13381	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13380	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13383	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_13389	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_3123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_3693	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_6407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_6406	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_6404	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_3698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3129	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6418	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4319	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Kamienskia	Kamienskia perpusilla 
esv_1140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces graminis 
esv_8110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8117	Fungi
esv_8116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8114	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Athelia
esv_8449	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_8119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15436	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon anthochroum 
esv_4317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria	Tetraplosphaeria sasicola 
esv_4316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Teloschistales	Teloschistaceae
esv_13129	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_10596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_17779	Fungi
esv_13121	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Vuilleminiaceae	Vuilleminia	Vuilleminia comedens 
esv_13120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13125	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_13127	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13126	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3347	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_3345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Graphiaceae	Graphium	Graphium basitruncatum 
esv_3343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_12839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris
esv_3340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Chlamydotubeufia	Chlamydotubeufia khunkornensis 
esv_12386	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12387	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12384	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12385	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria	Xylaria frustulosa 
esv_1146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae
esv_3349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_15382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15381	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae
esv_15387	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15386	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Auriscalpiaceae	Gloeodontia	Gloeodontia eriobotryae 
esv_15384	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14762	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15389	Fungi
esv_15388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15417	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14763	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15879	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5345	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae	Physcia
esv_570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Schizothyriaceae	Zygophiala	Zygophiala cryptogama 
esv_572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_5346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_575	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_5341	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Cystobasidium	Cystobasidium sp 
esv_5342	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus
esv_9536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Incertae_sedis	Resinicium	Resinicium pinicola 
esv_9537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces radicicola 
esv_9534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma
esv_9533	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9530	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9531	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9539	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes
esv_12528	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14830	Fungi
esv_12526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_12527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_12524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_12525	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7462	Fungi
esv_7463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_7461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_7464	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14831	Fungi
esv_10442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12051	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_5194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5195	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5199	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae	Lepteutypa
esv_394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella cucumerina 
esv_395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_396	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_397	Fungi	Sordariomycetes
esv_390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_392	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Stephanonectria
esv_398	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_399	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17925	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16874	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_17926	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17921	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia
esv_17923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_8664	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1021	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_14073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10448	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis sp 
esv_307	Fungi
esv_12815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16872	Fungi
esv_306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Edenia	Edenia gomezpompae 
esv_1023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp 
esv_17420	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae
esv_1024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1446	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1195	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_1196	Fungi
esv_1445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_1442	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_1192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_1193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema pseudoalba 
esv_1448	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9455	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Septobasidiales	Septobasidiaceae	Septobasidium	Septobasidium sp 
esv_14369	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria sp 
esv_14363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14360	Fungi
esv_14361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_14366	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_14364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Atractium	Atractium stilbaster 
esv_14365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys miodochialis 
esv_1228	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora cyclaminis 
esv_1222	Fungi
esv_1223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_1220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_1221	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meripilaceae
esv_1990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1227	Fungi
esv_1224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus
esv_1225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Trichomerium
esv_10263	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1027	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10261	Fungi
esv_10260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylella	Dactylella intermedia 
esv_17547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_17546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces diversus 
esv_17549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Annulohypoxylon	Annulohypoxylon nitens 
esv_17637	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria	Tetraplosphaeria sasicola 
esv_13465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_13467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria michotii 
esv_13461	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Ruineniaceae	Ruinenia	Ruinenia pyrrosiae 
esv_13462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula paludigena 
esv_13463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13468	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_13469	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3592	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3593	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_3591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_3597	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3594	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_3595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_3598	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Cordana
esv_15930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16133	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_13869	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8315	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8314	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8614	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_7125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_8617	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium	Pleurothecium recurvatum 
esv_7121	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma
esv_7120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium charticola 
esv_2759	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_2758	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Simocybe	Simocybe sumptuosa 
esv_2753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2752	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2751	Fungi
esv_2750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon erythrostroma 
esv_2757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus
esv_2756	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_2755	Fungi
esv_2754	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia
esv_6618	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6619	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_6616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_6614	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Caliciaceae	Buellia
esv_6612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma pulchellum 
esv_6610	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_6611	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_12736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_12735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_12734	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12733	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium
esv_12730	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15933	Fungi
esv_12739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_12738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_7695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_7697	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15368	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7693	Fungi
esv_7692	Fungi
esv_7699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_7698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Parateratosphaeria	Parateratosphaeria persoonii 
esv_14771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales
esv_6653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_149	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae	Monographella	Monographella nivalis 
esv_499	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella fusca 
esv_498	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium anisopliae 
esv_142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Apiotrichum	Apiotrichum gracile 
esv_147	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11494	Fungi
esv_725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Incertae_sedis	Mingxiaea	Mingxiaea panici 
esv_727	Fungi
esv_8282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_721	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae	Phaeosaccardinula	Phaeosaccardinula dendrocalami 
esv_723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_722	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_1089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Lulworthiales	Lulworthiaceae
esv_728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Trichomerium	Trichomerium foliicola 
esv_10941	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_11493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_1087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_8504	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_4106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_4107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4100	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4101	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_4102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_4103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_4108	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4109	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11492	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_15454	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_17423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Polyporaceae	Polyporus	Polyporus longiporus 
esv_8280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_13248	Fungi
esv_4334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae
esv_15178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_15179	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15174	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15175	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_14959	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15170	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8287	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15172	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_6654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_4437	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Diversisporaceae
esv_13240	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_13241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_11416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_11415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_11414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11413	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11410	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11418	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_4574	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_1051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora sp 
esv_1050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Uncispora	Uncispora sinensis 
esv_1052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp 
esv_8285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Nigrograna	Nigrograna sp 
esv_13247	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1058	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Thelonectria	Thelonectria lucida 
esv_16996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9705	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_9707	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Lachnocladiaceae	Asterostroma	Asterostroma muscicola 
esv_9706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_9709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17233	Fungi
esv_12868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia digitata 
esv_16998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17232	Fungi
esv_8284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_17235	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17234	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17237	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17236	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8502	Fungi
esv_7909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_7908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Scutellinia	Scutellinia sp 
esv_17586	Fungi
esv_7905	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Dissoconium	Dissoconium sp 
esv_7907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7900	Fungi
esv_7903	Fungi
esv_7902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15853	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17584	Fungi
esv_6792	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_15850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_11837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14906	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Incertae_sedis	Gs11
esv_11836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_15855	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella schimae 
esv_17151	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Pichiaceae	Pichia	Pichia kluyveri 
esv_6794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17154	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_17156	Fungi
esv_17157	Fungi
esv_17487	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17484	Fungi
esv_14905	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp 
esv_17480	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17481	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14902	Fungi
esv_2521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_17488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_14903	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
esv_2507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
esv_2504	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
esv_2505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4408	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_13815	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor minutus 
esv_13814	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
esv_13817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2508	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_15220	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Schizothyriaceae
esv_14289	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
esv_2356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_11673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14284	Fungi	Mortierellomycota
esv_11671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Dichotomopilus	Dichotomopilus dolichotrichus 
esv_11670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_11677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Occultifur
esv_2355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11675	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11674	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_17738	Fungi
esv_17739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10102	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2353	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
esv_10101	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10106	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_9711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17732	Fungi
esv_10105	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_4401	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella vietnamensis 
esv_2351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Kazachstania
esv_1554	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4402	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1555	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_14950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1556	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_938	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina 
esv_939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1885	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus ranarum 
esv_4407	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis
esv_931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Caliciaceae	Dirinaria	Dirinaria sp 
esv_932	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_934	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_935	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_14953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13935	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7617	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16289	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16288	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon carneum 
esv_16282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16280	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema sp 
esv_16286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16284	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3109	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_14828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_3100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_3102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium
esv_3105	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3107	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Castanediella
esv_12491	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_17562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_12496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10624	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Gs24
esv_12497	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8426	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15411	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15410	Fungi
esv_8423	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8422	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_4378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_4375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_4371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_4370	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes
esv_13109	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16468	Fungi
esv_13107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora
esv_16464	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13103	Fungi
esv_12498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae	Capnodium	Capnodium sp 
esv_13101	Fungi
esv_13100	Fungi
esv_12499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_3368	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3365	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_3367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae
esv_3361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium	Toxicocladosporium rubrigenum 
esv_3360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_3363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3362	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16057	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16054	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_16055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_16052	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16053	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Chrysozymaceae	Sampaiozyma	Sampaiozyma vanillica 
esv_13023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8139	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_8138	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_553	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_550	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_551	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Alanphillipsia	Alanphillipsia aloes 
esv_9558	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9559	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9554	Fungi
esv_9555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9550	Fungi
esv_9551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9553	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_3819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_5425	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5429	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium hetheringtonii 
esv_3816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_3815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Phialemoniopsis
esv_3814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_12500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12501	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12502	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_12504	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12505	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
esv_12507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_12508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7480	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
esv_7482	Fungi
esv_7484	Fungi
esv_7485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Hydropisphaera	Hydropisphaera fungicola 
esv_7486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis neophlyctidospora 
esv_7487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7489	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_17417	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11162	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_17909	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_17902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales
esv_17901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17900	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17906	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae
esv_17904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_89	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium	Simplicillium obclavatum 
esv_88	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum gloeosporioides 
esv_87	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium	Simplicillium lamellicola 
esv_86	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema flavescens 
esv_85	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_84	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_83	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_82	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_81	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium
esv_80	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10394	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium
esv_6990	Fungi
esv_6993	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Onygenaceae	Amauroascus	Amauroascus kuehnii 
esv_6995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia
esv_6994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Gymnopilus
esv_6996	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6999	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Chaetospermum	Chaetospermum camelliae 
esv_11088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_11089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17392	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebia	Phlebia brevispora 
esv_11888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria sp 
esv_11889	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_11886	Fungi
esv_11887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11880	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11881	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Neofusicoccum	Neofusicoccum sp 
esv_1429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia
esv_4904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_1425	Fungi	Sordariomycetes
esv_1426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium anisopliae 
esv_1427	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_4900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_1421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces
esv_1422	Fungi
esv_1423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Graphiaceae	Graphium	Graphium basitruncatum 
esv_16338	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17391	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14341	Fungi
esv_14342	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14344	Fungi
esv_14345	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14346	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14347	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14348	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_14618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_14619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_17396	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_17397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_8864	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15380	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16624	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
esv_2198	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae	Dipodascaceae_sp_2917
esv_2197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_2196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_2192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_17429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces	Derxomyces yunnanensis 
esv_16945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8441	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_17395	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma
esv_16404	Fungi
esv_8868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8632	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora
esv_7107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Conlarium	Conlarium sp 
esv_7106	Fungi
esv_7101	Fungi
esv_8637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_7103	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_12197	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_10829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_2995	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
esv_2997	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_2991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella	Volutella consors 
esv_2774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium lycopodinum 
esv_2993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
esv_16610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2998	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16617	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_6674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_6675	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6676	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6677	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6670	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_6671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_6672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium	Simplicillium sp 
esv_12757	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6678	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12750	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12752	Fungi
esv_15225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_123	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_121	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella oryzae 
esv_120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia sp 
esv_127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium
esv_126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Ganodermataceae	Ganoderma
esv_125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium nepalense 
esv_129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_8099	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Incertae_sedis	Candida
esv_8094	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_8092	Fungi
esv_8093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae	Geotrichum	Geotrichum cucujoidarum 
esv_8090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4295	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4296	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4297	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4290	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_4292	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella sp 
esv_4298	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_4299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium fungicola 
esv_9947	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae
esv_8447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9944	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3559	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus	Septoglomus constrictum 
esv_3626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae
esv_8896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8894	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8892	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8893	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Collarina	Collarina aurantiaca 
esv_15993	Fungi
esv_4120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4121	Fungi
esv_4126	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6074	Fungi
esv_4124	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8899	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae	Xanthoparmelia
esv_15226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_16196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Sporoschisma	Sporoschisma hemipsilum 
esv_6071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8643	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15578	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15579	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15192	Fungi
esv_15193	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15190	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_15197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_15195	Fungi
esv_15198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
esv_8642	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10308	Fungi
esv_1340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_1343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Pseudorobillarda	Pseudorobillarda sojae 
esv_1342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6701	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3950	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1344	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladium buxicola 
esv_1346	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
esv_15401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
esv_6705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_17460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae
esv_5501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6707	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_10302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Edenia	Edenia gomezpompae 
esv_9766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus sp 
esv_5659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_9762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_5653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales
esv_5652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Lulworthiales	Lulworthiaceae	Moleospora	Moleospora sp 
esv_5651	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_5656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_5655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium sp 
esv_5654	Fungi
esv_8647	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16099	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_2836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_15227	Fungi
esv_5826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17422	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces stollii 
esv_16535	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella prillingeri 
esv_13308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Pochonia	Pochonia sp 
esv_14119	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_14118	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_14115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_11474	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11477	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11476	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_11471	Fungi
esv_11470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_11473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_11472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella ornatispora 
esv_17138	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17136	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16221	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Leucoagaricus	Leucoagaricus meleagris 
esv_17134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Pichiaceae	Pichia	Pichia kluyveri 
esv_17135	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora austroamericana 
esv_17133	Fungi
esv_17130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Cystobasidium	Cystobasidium sp 
esv_14685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales
esv_5248	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_2566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_2567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cryptococcaceae	Kwoniella
esv_2560	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_5242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Dictyochaeta	Dictyochaeta triseptata 
esv_2563	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16243	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_13831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae
esv_13830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebiopsis
esv_13837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_13836	Fungi
esv_13835	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14518	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13839	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13838	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_11693	Fungi
esv_11692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_11695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Botryobasidiaceae
esv_11697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_11696	Fungi
esv_11699	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17645	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10122	Fungi
esv_10123	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Chaetospermum	Chaetospermum artocarpi 
esv_10124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17646	Fungi
esv_10126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae
esv_10127	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10128	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10129	Fungi
esv_17647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16092	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14511	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales
esv_912	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_913	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_911	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_916	Fungi
esv_917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_919	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Ramichloridium	Ramichloridium sp 
esv_14436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_15977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_8720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_14437	Fungi
esv_14516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14434	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_5869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14435	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Ilyonectria	Ilyonectria mors-panacis 
esv_2381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Phaeoisaria	Phaeoisaria clematidis 
esv_2383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_5864	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium brasiliense 
esv_2386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13340	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13343	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Absconditella	Absconditella rubra 
esv_13345	Fungi
esv_13344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales
esv_13347	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13346	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_15586	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_3168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_3167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae	Capnodium	Capnodium coffeae 
esv_3166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys candelabrum 
esv_14805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae
esv_3164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_6443	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3162	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_3160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora fusarioides 
esv_8722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_1068	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1069	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_4351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma flava 
esv_4350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_4353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_4352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Pichiaceae	Pichia	Pichia norvegensis 
esv_4359	Fungi
esv_4358	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13165	Fungi
esv_1064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_13161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_13160	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_13169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1066	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13699	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_3383	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3382	Fungi
esv_3381	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae	Monographella	Monographella nivalis 
esv_3387	Fungi
esv_3386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula
esv_3385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae	Rutstroemia	Rutstroemia firma 
esv_12239	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
esv_1061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_13303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae
esv_15524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8262	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_7791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8725	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_16537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13302	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella sp 
esv_17794	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Junghuhnia	Junghuhnia collabens 
esv_16949	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16095	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16879	Fungi
esv_17829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_17792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia sp 
esv_17793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Auriscalpiaceae	Gloeodontia	Gloeodontia eriobotryae 
esv_7710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Trichosporon	Trichosporon asahii 
esv_7711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_7712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_7714	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7715	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7719	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8407	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8154	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8153	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_8151	Fungi
esv_8150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Dictyocheirospora	Dictyocheirospora garethjonesii 
esv_9572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_9573	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9570	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9571	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Parateratosphaeria
esv_587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_9574	Fungi
esv_9575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium curvulum 
esv_16940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_9578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria	Xylaria sp 
esv_586	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_237	Fungi
esv_3833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp 
esv_3832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Nigrograna	Nigrograna sp 
esv_5403	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Cutaneotrichosporon	Cutaneotrichosporon jirovecii 
esv_236	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_17822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae
esv_5408	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12566	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7794	Fungi
esv_12565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12562	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae	Gigaspora	Gigaspora margarita 
esv_12560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Chrysozymaceae	Pseudohyphozyma	Pseudohyphozyma buffonii 
esv_17379	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Incertae_sedis	Trichaptum	Trichaptum sp 
esv_12569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Hypomyces	Hypomyces sp 
esv_15699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus
esv_14294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebia	Phlebia acanthocystis 
esv_15694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Occultifur	Occultifur externus 
esv_15696	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe sp 
esv_15690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Caliciaceae	Dirinaria	Dirinaria sp 
esv_15693	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Gymnopilus	Gymnopilus dilepis 
esv_17685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Mycoleptodiscus
esv_7797	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15039	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15031	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_15035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum
esv_15037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_15036	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12127	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11862	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_11860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_11865	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15248	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4922	Fungi
esv_4923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_1400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_1153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1154	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium
esv_1158	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_4439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1408	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium lycopodinum 
esv_12234	Fungi
esv_16531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
esv_15249	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Gs24
esv_14638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana
esv_14639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Bullera	Bullera sp 
esv_14630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_14632	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Fellomyces	Fellomyces mexicanus 
esv_14634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_14327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium hasegawianum 
esv_14321	Fungi
esv_14328	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11463	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_14162	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4573	Fungi
esv_14842	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_12009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_8968	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5381	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_2171	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_2170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_5387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Nigrograna	Nigrograna sp 
esv_5386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Mycoleptodiscus	Mycoleptodiscus sp 
esv_5389	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
esv_2179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_2178	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6384	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6386	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella vietnamensis 
esv_6387	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6380	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Kamienskia	Kamienskia divaricata 
esv_6383	Fungi
esv_6388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Conlarium	Conlarium sp 
esv_6389	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae
esv_16530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15242	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17678	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10809	Fungi
esv_10803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10801	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Sirobasidiaceae	Sirobasidium	Sirobasidium magnum 
esv_17672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10807	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10805	Fungi
esv_10804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Neofusicoccum
esv_1460	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Cordana
esv_1461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_15243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2717	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2714	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_2712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Helminthosporium	Helminthosporium velutinum 
esv_2711	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Exobasidiomycetes	Exobasidiales	Cryptobasidiaceae	Acaromyces	Acaromyces ingoldii 
esv_4944	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Dinemasporium	Dinemasporium morbidum 
esv_8965	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16672	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16673	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16671	Fungi
esv_12773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_12777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Plectania	Plectania rhytidia 
esv_12776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_12775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_12774	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Lepista	Lepista sordida 
esv_12956	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12779	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4499	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_12953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12952	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma sp 
esv_12950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4948	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7389	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7387	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_7384	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7382	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_7380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_15357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
esv_17844	Fungi
esv_15359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora sp 
esv_16212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Thyridariaceae	Roussoella	Roussoella solani 
esv_459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_458	Fungi
esv_105	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Sclerodermataceae	Scleroderma	Scleroderma sp 
esv_107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
esv_106	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella coprosmae 
esv_101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_12407	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17140	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12406	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9969	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9968	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13578	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4248	Fungi
esv_15675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys sp 
esv_13572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13573	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9963	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_9965	Fungi
esv_13577	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13574	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_3448	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium
esv_6659	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_1681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_3440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
esv_3441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_6650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
esv_6123	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_6656	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_6655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_8218	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurotheciella	Pleurotheciella rivularia 
esv_7529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_17843	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_7523	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe sp 
esv_7522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_7520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae	Clavulina
esv_7527	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp 
esv_7525	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_15202	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia epidermidis 
esv_13526	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15204	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_15208	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1687	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13520	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Incertae_sedis	Mingxiaea	Mingxiaea siamensis 
esv_17840	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium
esv_16935	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17164	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_17167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces sp 
esv_17166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17168	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8240	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_3471	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
esv_9295	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9294	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9293	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9292	Fungi
esv_9291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae 
esv_6110	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_9299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9298	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_6119	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9039	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora livistonae 
esv_6118	Fungi
esv_9033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_9747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
esv_1413	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9036	Fungi
esv_9035	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9742	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Lecanicillium sp 
esv_5673	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5674	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5677	Fungi
esv_5676	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5679	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_16115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12359	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_1412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_2265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae	Clavulina
esv_8221	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8220	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_8222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2261	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_3879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_15258	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_11453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia strelitziicola 
esv_11451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora	Articulospora sp 
esv_11450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11329	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17569	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_11458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3877	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha sp 
esv_10322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_10491	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Cystobasidium	Cystobasidium sp 
esv_10496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10497	Fungi
esv_8524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella sepelibilis 
esv_10328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_17118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Corynascella	Corynascella humicola 
esv_17119	Fungi
esv_15250	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5262	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus ranarum 
esv_5263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_5260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5261	Fungi
esv_2546	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5267	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_5265	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_2548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Bacidina	Bacidina arnoldiana 
esv_5269	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Incertae_sedis	Paramicrothyrium	Paramicrothyrium sp 
esv_17567	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Sirobasidiaceae	Sirobasidium	Sirobasidium brefeldianum 
esv_15429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae	Neodevriesia	Neodevriesia shakazului 
esv_17561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora pluriseptata 
esv_10716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Cutaneotrichosporon	Cutaneotrichosporon terricola 
esv_10859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_10714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_10147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_10144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10145	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Polyporaceae
esv_10143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_10140	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10141	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Rhizophagus	Rhizophagus irregularis 
esv_10148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylella	Dactylella heptameres 
esv_10149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Debaryomyces
esv_15736	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14799	Fungi
esv_14798	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14797	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14796	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus longistriatus 
esv_14794	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidales	Kirschsteiniotheliaceae	Kirschsteiniothelia	Kirschsteiniothelia emarceis 
esv_14792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_14791	Fungi
esv_14790	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria hemerocallidis 
esv_1368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15737	Fungi
esv_16167	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1362	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria
esv_1367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Aplosporellaceae	Aplosporella
esv_1365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1364	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2813	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_2815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium schulzeri 
esv_2816	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5849	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2818	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_5840	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16163	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13366	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis neophlyctidospora 
esv_13365	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13364	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13363	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus	Claroideoglomus sp 
esv_13362	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13360	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_16799	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13369	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13368	Fungi
esv_6465	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_3631	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Dictyosporium	Dictyosporium alatum 
esv_3636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Junghuhnia	Junghuhnia sp 
esv_3634	Fungi
esv_6469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_3148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
esv_17706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14021	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_13149	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_14020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_13143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13142	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13141	Fungi
esv_13140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus albostipitatus 
esv_13147	Fungi
esv_13146	Fungi
esv_13145	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_13144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14022	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14025	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15423	Fungi
esv_14024	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_12898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium lignicola 
esv_12899	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11943	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12894	Fungi
esv_11506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae
esv_7944	Fungi
esv_12890	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12891	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14029	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14028	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_15420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15421	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15087	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_12096	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12097	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12094	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12095	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_12092	Fungi
esv_12090	Fungi
esv_12091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_12098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_7737	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis isabellina 
esv_7734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_7735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7733	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_8173	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea sp 
esv_8179	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium archidendri 
esv_5468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_5464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus velutinus 
esv_5466	Fungi
esv_5467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_5460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5461	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Polyporaceae
esv_5462	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe infecunda 
esv_3856	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3854	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3852	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora cyclaminis 
esv_12544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myxospora	Myxospora crassiseta 
esv_12233	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12230	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12231	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae
esv_12237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12235	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_9884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_8798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11946	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
esv_16880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia fuscosuccinea 
esv_15893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10456	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_664	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_662	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Bullera	Bullera penniseticola 
esv_16885	Fungi
esv_668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_9489	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16887	Fungi
esv_9241	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16886	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15999	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Ruineniaceae	Ruinenia	Ruinenia pyrrosiae 
esv_11948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16383	Fungi
esv_9883	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_10459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys divergens 
esv_314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta	Pyrenochaeta sp 
esv_315	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria sp 
esv_317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_15019	Fungi
esv_15018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_17273	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
esv_310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_15015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_15014	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15012	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales
esv_15011	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_311	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_312	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_11848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_11849	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12490	Fungi
esv_11843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Cordana
esv_11846	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebiopsis	Phlebiopsis sp 
esv_1176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema laurentii 
esv_1177	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1174	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1172	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia macrospinosa 
esv_1171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium archidendri 
esv_1178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_1179	Fungi
esv_14171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_11158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Ascochyta medicaginicola 
esv_11159	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14308	Fungi
esv_14309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium cyclothyrioides 
esv_11152	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11150	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11156	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
esv_11154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_1288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Incertae_sedis	Mingxiaea	Mingxiaea siamensis 
esv_1289	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Mariannaea	Mariannaea superimposita 
esv_1286	Fungi
esv_17828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_1281	Fungi
esv_1282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae	Physcia
esv_10791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_10790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_10797	Fungi
esv_10796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_791	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Codinaea	Codinaea pini 
esv_15886	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
esv_17388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria	Tetraplosphaeria nagasakiensis 
esv_15990	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15659	Fungi	Mortierellomycota
esv_2159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
esv_2158	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meripilaceae
esv_15991	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema rubi 
esv_2152	Fungi
esv_2155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum gloeosporioides 
esv_2154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium
esv_2157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_2156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia digitata 
esv_2486	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora
esv_2483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia	Orbilia sp 
esv_2482	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_2480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16576	Fungi
esv_10863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium charticola 
esv_2488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium hetheringtonii 
esv_1828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
esv_1829	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Thelonectria	Thelonectria lucida 
esv_1820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_1822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1823	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1825	Fungi
esv_1826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_10864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_17300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium	Myrothecium sp 
esv_17302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17307	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Rachicladosporium	Rachicladosporium sp 
esv_17655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17605	Fungi
esv_17651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_3130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe
esv_2739	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2737	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_2731	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2730	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2733	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2732	Fungi
esv_897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_896	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Genolevuria	Genolevuria armeniaca 
esv_893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma
esv_3134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella	Phlebiella sp 
esv_16658	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2252	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_12934	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12937	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12936	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_12933	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15887	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae
esv_12939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae	Taphrina
esv_12938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Vanrija	Vanrija humicola 
esv_6419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Sirobasidiaceae	Sirobasidium	Sirobasidium magnum 
esv_16632	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9797	Fungi
esv_9066	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3288	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_3283	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3280	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Cephalosporium	Cephalosporium sp 
esv_9986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Lasiodiplodia	Lasiodiplodia pseudotheobromae 
esv_473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
esv_475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_477	Fungi
esv_476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_4250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_4252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_4253	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales
esv_4255	Fungi
esv_4256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria
esv_2251	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_4258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae
esv_7818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_1723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae	Lepteutypa	Lepteutypa sambuci 
esv_13552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia	Orbilia phragmotricha 
esv_13553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella melonis 
esv_13554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8458	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_9909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Collarina	Collarina aurantiaca 
esv_1722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9907	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9906	Fungi
esv_9905	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_9903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Leptospora	Leptospora rubella 
esv_1721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_9901	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae
esv_9069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis
esv_8456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3466	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1727	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_3465	Fungi
esv_6102	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_3463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3461	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Efibulobasidium	Efibulobasidium albescens 
esv_7500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema
esv_15443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_7505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_8238	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7509	Fungi
esv_7508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8234	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_8233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Acanthostigma	Acanthostigma multiseptatum 
esv_15447	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
esv_10052	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes
esv_15650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidales	Kirschsteiniotheliaceae	Kirschsteiniothelia	Kirschsteiniothelia tectonae 
esv_10053	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17823	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Cunninghamellaceae	Gongronella	Gongronella sp 
esv_2254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2255	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15461	Fungi
esv_14052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Entomocorticium
esv_13239	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16457	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15652	Fungi
esv_17825	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae	Parmotrema
esv_787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_786	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_785	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella intricans 
esv_789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Leucosporidiales
esv_13667	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Debaryomyces
esv_9011	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9010	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9013	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
esv_9015	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9017	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9016	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8588	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus sp 
esv_8589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium
esv_5616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Marchandiomyces	Marchandiomyces marsonii 
esv_5614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Eremomycetaceae	Arthrographis	Arthrographis sp 
esv_5613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Capnobotryella	Capnobotryella sp 
esv_5612	Fungi
esv_5611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Septobasidiales	Septobasidiaceae	Septobasidium	Septobasidium sp 
esv_5610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_17220	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_15448	Fungi
esv_17888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17221	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15657	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17594	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8586	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17884	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17227	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8587	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_17224	Fungi
esv_8580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17597	Fungi
esv_15449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Sporothrix	Sporothrix sp 
esv_14241	Fungi
esv_8582	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella vietnamensis 
esv_14240	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8583	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14931	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15845	Fungi
esv_14937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7995	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12829	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14936	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11307	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_11305	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11303	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11302	Fungi
esv_11301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Trichosporon	Trichosporon vanderwaltii 
esv_11300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12399	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11824	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11825	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa ogasawarensis 
esv_2363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_14058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Fellomyces	Fellomyces polyborus 
esv_5880	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11823	Fungi
esv_5881	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14032	Fungi
esv_11820	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora chinensis 
esv_17613	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5887	Fungi
esv_12820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_2364	Fungi
esv_12391	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus
esv_12390	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_18003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_4889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Tainosphaeria	Tainosphaeria sp 
esv_18002	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4885	Fungi
esv_4884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_4887	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_4881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_4880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium	Simplicillium sp 
esv_4883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1119	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Heterochaete	Heterochaete delicata 
esv_14030	Fungi
esv_18005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Gymnopilus	Gymnopilus dilepis 
esv_4477	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella sp 
esv_14031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_4471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_1612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium
esv_1611	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_1617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1615	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1614	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_17461	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1619	Fungi
esv_1618	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10305	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Minimelanolocus	Minimelanolocus asiaticus 
esv_10307	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma sp 
esv_5825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_2834	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_5827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_5820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Periglandula	Periglandula sp 
esv_2833	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5822	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2831	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_16225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae	Neodevriesia	Neodevriesia poagena 
esv_13304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_13307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae
esv_16226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5829	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_2838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Lectera	Lectera longa 
esv_2839	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3619	Fungi
esv_3618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Phialemoniopsis	Phialemoniopsis ocularis 
esv_14849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14848	Fungi
esv_3611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_3610	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_3613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae
esv_3612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3615	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14514	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3616	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_15440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Nemania	Nemania sp 
esv_12487	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14037	Fungi
esv_10168	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10169	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_17799	Fungi
esv_10164	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_10167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium argentinense 
esv_10160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum
esv_10161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_10163	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Fellomyces	Fellomyces mexicanus 
esv_12486	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16063	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11313	Fungi
esv_13582	Fungi
esv_14034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_16060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16067	Fungi
esv_16066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16065	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_16636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_3212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14016	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_15464	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15444	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_7758	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7759	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7755	Fungi
esv_7757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_7750	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_7753	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15445	Fungi
esv_17043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_5443	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5440	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5446	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Geosmithia	Geosmithia sp 
esv_5444	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14675	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_3874	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3876	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3871	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_3870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia strelitziicola 
esv_3872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12210	Fungi
esv_12211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_12212	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_14677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Myriangiaceae	Anhellia	Anhellia nectandrae 
esv_12214	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12216	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_12217	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12219	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14039	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Incertae_sedis	Mingxiaea	Mingxiaea panici 
esv_14672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_10692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12987	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_319	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_648	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium sp 
esv_647	Fungi
esv_644	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_642	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_640	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_641	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_4069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_4063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
esv_4060	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella globalpina 
esv_4067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_4066	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_12707	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae
esv_17477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus diversus 
esv_8019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
esv_6933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_6932	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_6937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora cyclaminis 
esv_6936	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
esv_13646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebia
esv_15074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_15077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15076	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15079	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metapochonia	Metapochonia sp 
esv_17249	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
esv_11828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella fusca 
esv_11829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_11796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11797	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11822	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11791	Fungi
esv_11792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_11793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_4478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_4479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17264	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1114	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_1116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Coniothyriaceae	Coniothyrium	Coniothyrium sidae 
esv_1110	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1111	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gliocladiopsis	Gliocladiopsis peggii 
esv_9469	Fungi	Sordariomycetes
esv_9460	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Trichothecium
esv_9463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3155	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_29	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_28	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_25	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_24	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_27	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_26	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_21	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium dominicanum 
esv_20	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_23	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_22	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_11170	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_11172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11174	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_11175	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11176	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11178	Fungi
esv_11179	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_8852	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_14002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8856	Fungi
esv_8857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_14293	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2139	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2137	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2135	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis
esv_2133	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2132	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala humicola 
esv_2130	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium
esv_12533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella sepelibilis 
esv_16944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
esv_14137	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema pseudoalba 
esv_1808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1807	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1804	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1805	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1802	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1803	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp 
esv_1801	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_17634	Fungi
esv_17325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Ramophialophora	Ramophialophora humicola 
esv_17323	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_12537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia sp 
esv_17321	Fungi
esv_17320	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17639	Fungi
esv_17638	Fungi
esv_17329	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3547	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
esv_17559	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11233	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_17533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Resupinatus	Resupinatus applicatus 
esv_14134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16854	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15182	Fungi
esv_17530	Fungi	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_6344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales
esv_6345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_6346	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_3267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum flexuosum 
esv_3268	Fungi
esv_6349	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8030	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_8033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_8034	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_8035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Fonsecaea
esv_8036	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_8037	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_8786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8784	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora dimorpha 
esv_8783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8780	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4276	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_4275	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4272	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora fusarioides 
esv_4270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9925	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9927	Fungi
esv_9926	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_13530	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17536	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Stenella	Stenella musicola 
esv_13539	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6164	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella prillingeri 
esv_3405	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6694	Fungi
esv_6167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_3400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6693	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales
esv_3403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_12913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_6065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_12911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12910	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12915	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_7566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_8256	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_4188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_4189	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Bullera	Bullera penniseticola 
esv_7560	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora hymenocystis 
esv_3546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_7569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_3549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_8053	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11191	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17534	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_410	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Ascochyta	Ascochyta medicaginicola 
esv_416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Stenella	Stenella musicola 
esv_415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_6468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17535	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8570	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17573	Fungi
esv_8573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_14237	Fungi
esv_9252	Fungi
esv_9251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meripilaceae
esv_6718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9255	Fungi
esv_9254	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9259	Fungi
esv_9258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15508	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12669	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_5585	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_5581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pseudopestalotiopsis	Pseudopestalotiopsis simitheae 
esv_1627	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12661	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora
esv_12665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_1624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae
esv_5589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5588	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales
esv_6713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Sporothrix
esv_1625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_3944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Mycoleptodiscus	Mycoleptodiscus sp 
esv_1622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_6711	Fungi
esv_1623	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_9789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Incertae_sedis	Candida
esv_9788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_3946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_1620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_9783	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae
esv_9784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3940	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9077	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_5639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_3943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella	Thozetella sp 
esv_5634	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5637	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3942	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria	Tetraplosphaeria sasicola 
esv_5630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_9079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17416	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Asperisporium	Asperisporium caricicola 
esv_14155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_10373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chaetomellaceae	Chaetomella	Chaetomella raphigera 
esv_10372	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria
esv_17539	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7984	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7981	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7980	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_7982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_14154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella sepelibilis 
esv_16311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_12369	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15201	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae	Puccinia
esv_16312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11368	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_11365	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11364	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_11366	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_11361	Fungi
esv_11360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces sp 
esv_11363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Melanotrigonum	Melanotrigonum ovale 
esv_14076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae
esv_3467	Fungi
esv_16317	Fungi
esv_16237	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13764	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_16234	Fungi
esv_16235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_16232	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14156	Fungi
esv_14077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Gnomoniaceae
esv_16233	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13310	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17635	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Heterocephalacria	Heterocephalacria sp 
esv_14074	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4863	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4862	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4860	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Morosphaeriaceae	Acrocalymma	Acrocalymma sp 
esv_4864	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14858	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_4869	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia nigricans 
esv_8059	Fungi
esv_11923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17633	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae	Neodevriesia	Neodevriesia poagena 
esv_11922	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Melanotrigonum	Melanotrigonum ovale 
esv_11589	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11588	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes
esv_14503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Parateratosphaeria
esv_11581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_11583	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella beljakovae 
esv_11582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidales	Kirschsteiniotheliaceae	Kirschsteiniothelia	Kirschsteiniothelia tectonae 
esv_11585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11584	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11587	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia strelitziicola 
esv_1639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Symmetrosporaceae	Symmetrospora	Symmetrospora vermiculata 
esv_1638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14501	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
esv_14072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Tetrapyrgos	Tetrapyrgos sp 
esv_1631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_1632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_1635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_1634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Liberomyces	Liberomyces saliciphilus 
esv_1637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_1327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Hydropisphaera	Hydropisphaera fungicola 
esv_1325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Calycina	Calycina marina 
esv_1324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp 
esv_1323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Trichomerium
esv_1321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10366	Fungi
esv_10367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Sirobasidiaceae	Fibulobasidium	Fibulobasidium inconspicuum 
esv_10364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10362	Fungi
esv_10363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora livistonae 
esv_1329	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16203	Fungi
esv_13322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Batcheloromyces	Batcheloromyces leucadendri 
esv_13320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis neophlyctidospora 
esv_13327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_13326	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13324	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_13986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_13329	Fungi
esv_13328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_13982	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_13980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Pyrenulales	Pyrenulaceae	Pyrenula	Pyrenula cruenta 
esv_16652	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_3678	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3677	Fungi
esv_3676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium
esv_3675	Fungi
esv_3674	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3673	Fungi
esv_3672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Hirsutella	Hirsutella citriformis 
esv_3671	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3670	Fungi
esv_14070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys	Stachybotrys microspora 
esv_17433	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Catenulostroma
esv_10183	Fungi
esv_10181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Wallemiomycetes	Wallemiales	Wallemiaceae	Wallemia	Wallemia muriae 
esv_10187	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10184	Fungi
esv_10185	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10188	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17432	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13183	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Passalora	Passalora nattrassii 
esv_13181	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13180	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15209	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe infecunda 
esv_13189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_13188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1077	Fungi
esv_8113	Fungi
esv_17402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4556	Fungi
esv_8159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe infecunda 
esv_10982	Fungi
esv_1073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
esv_10980	Fungi
esv_10981	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae
esv_10987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_10984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum
esv_4552	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_5808	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5809	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2858	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2859	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus	Septoglomus sp 
esv_2854	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_2855	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_2856	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2857	Fungi
esv_2850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Helminthosporium	Helminthosporium asterinum 
esv_5807	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_2677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Geosmithia
esv_6578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13501	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_6571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_3097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella sp 
esv_3096	Fungi
esv_6575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12053	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12050	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9728	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_12056	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12057	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Incertae_sedis	Candida	Candida homilentoma 
esv_12055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_12058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17437	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_7773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Hypholoma	Hypholoma fasciculare 
esv_13500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7776	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7777	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7775	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7778	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_9722	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17859	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17436	Fungi
esv_15557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Capnobotryella	Capnobotryella renispora 
esv_17858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_3893	Fungi
esv_3892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
esv_3897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_3896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Onygenaceae
esv_12580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales
esv_10528	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_3899	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium
esv_12584	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_12586	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_12587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_12276	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Tetrapyrgos	Tetrapyrgos sp 
esv_12275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12272	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12273	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora sp 
esv_597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17435	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_12278	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae
esv_595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_592	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2664	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16633	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_17434	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema rubi 
esv_336	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum nigrum 
esv_334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium	Sarocladium strictum 
esv_330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium
esv_339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales
esv_628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_629	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis neophlyctidospora 
esv_17986	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17984	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium
esv_624	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium
esv_4041	Fungi
esv_4040	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_4043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_4042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_4044	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_4046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4049	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_16631	Fungi
esv_15589	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15588	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_6911	Fungi
esv_6910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6917	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_15729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_17439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae 
esv_15059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_15058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15053	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_15051	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15050	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15057	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15056	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11652	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1856	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11804	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Thelonectria	Thelonectria lucida 
esv_11770	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Botryobasidiaceae	Botryobasidium
esv_11776	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11777	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_13958	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_11779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Sphaerellopsis	Sphaerellopsis paraphysata 
esv_4452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_4453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_4450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_4451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4456	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
esv_4457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_4455	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_4459	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9448	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9449	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15460	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9444	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9440	Fungi
esv_9441	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_11116	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_11112	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_11118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_16884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_17731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_12847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_6343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14815	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1798	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium cyclothyrioides 
esv_1796	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae
esv_1794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Acrostalagmus	Acrostalagmus luteoalbus 
esv_1792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora dimorpha 
esv_1793	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1791	Fungi
esv_6348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Torulaceae	Torula	Torula hollandica 
esv_10539	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Helicobasidiales	Helicobasidiaceae	Helicobasidium	Helicobasidium mompa 
esv_17733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_17511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_2442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2441	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurotheciella	Pleurotheciella rivularia 
esv_2447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_2446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5325	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2444	Fungi
esv_2449	Fungi
esv_2448	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_2118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_17579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_10538	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9117	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14312	Fungi
esv_8979	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16120	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15465	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8978	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1864	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_1866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_1867	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma sp 
esv_1860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Muscodor
esv_1861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Schizothyriaceae	Zygophiala	Zygophiala cryptogama 
esv_3089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_10641	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Kamienskia	Kamienskia perpusilla 
esv_17344	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10643	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales
esv_10642	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10645	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10644	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17343	Fungi
esv_17342	Fungi
esv_4481	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8788	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora
esv_1472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_8789	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15843	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium schulzeri 
esv_12609	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6561	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15325	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_15324	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Incertae_sedis	Gs11
esv_6564	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales
esv_4954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
esv_16145	Fungi
esv_14317	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae
esv_15326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Jobellisiaceae	Jobellisia	Jobellisia guangdongensis 
esv_15321	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Bambusicolaceae	Palmiascoma	Palmiascoma gregariascomum 
esv_15320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15323	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
esv_3794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_3247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema sp 
esv_3796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Lachnocladiaceae	Asterostroma	Asterostroma macrosporum 
esv_3243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6360	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_3799	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales
esv_7097	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8017	Fungi
esv_7095	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7094	Fungi
esv_4218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17572	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_4215	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4216	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_4217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_4213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_13048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_13049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_13518	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13519	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophoma	Setophoma sp 
esv_13517	Fungi
esv_13046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum
esv_13047	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Valsaceae	Prosopidicola	Prosopidicola mexicana 
esv_13045	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_6149	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella coprosmae 
esv_6142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_3423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6140	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3421	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3426	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_3424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
esv_12008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Uwebraunia	Uwebraunia musae 
esv_15264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Pseudoidium	Pseudoidium javanicum 
esv_15265	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15266	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_15267	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15260	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_15262	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15918	Fungi
esv_15919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_15268	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium lignicola 
esv_14221	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis neophlyctidospora 
esv_13532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium variabile 
esv_1694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella melonis 
esv_17571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17172	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13531	Fungi
esv_17170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae
esv_17171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Ampelomyces	Ampelomyces quisqualis 
esv_439	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_438	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella sinensis 
esv_435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_434	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella cucumerina 
esv_436	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_431	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_430	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Discosia	Discosia sp 
esv_9278	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_12602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Stenella	Stenella musicola 
esv_9270	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
esv_9275	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae
esv_3938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_3939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_14370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_3930	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3931	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_3932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium frigidum 
esv_3934	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3935	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3936	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_6696	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12601	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12647	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema
esv_12646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12642	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_12641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria	Tetraplosphaeria sasicola 
esv_12640	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_3407	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7549	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7233	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebiopsis	Phlebiopsis sp 
esv_6692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Geminibasidiomycetes	Geminibasidiales	Geminibasidiaceae	Geminibasidium	Geminibasidium sp 
esv_7547	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7230	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_7237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
esv_7540	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria myriocarpa 
esv_7234	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9058	Fungi
esv_5201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_9055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9054	Fungi
esv_9057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6163	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_2522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora decipiens 
esv_9053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9052	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8731	Fungi
esv_5971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_12912	Fungi
esv_2256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_12607	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_291	Fungi
esv_290	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella luteola 
esv_293	Fungi
esv_292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_295	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
esv_297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Thyridariaceae	Roussoella	Roussoella solani 
esv_299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_5975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6169	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma
esv_2528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_15548	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Ganodermataceae	Ganoderma	Ganoderma weberianum 
esv_2529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_12914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_12606	Fungi
esv_2258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_2259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae
esv_5454	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Muscodor	Muscodor suthepensis 
esv_12338	Fungi
esv_16439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma	Hyphoderma sp 
esv_5451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3885	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_8909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_11347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Bullera	Bullera penniseticola 
esv_11346	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_8901	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Incertae_sedis	Leucogyrophana	Leucogyrophana olivascens 
esv_3887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_8905	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8906	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11214	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10708	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15244	Fungi
esv_10709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_17578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae
esv_10259	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_8259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
esv_17577	Fungi
esv_15241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_4849	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4848	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis
esv_2250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_12596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces sp 
esv_4841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_4840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_4843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phanerochaete	Phanerochaete sordida 
esv_4842	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4845	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4844	Fungi
esv_4847	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporobolomyces	Sporobolomyces blumeae 
esv_17619	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16152	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12590	Fungi
esv_16151	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14731	Fungi
esv_14730	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_998	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_999	Fungi
esv_14735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_14734	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_990	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_14084	Fungi
esv_996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora
esv_997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta	Pyrenochaeta sp 
esv_995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_1308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Acanthostigma	Acanthostigma scopulum 
esv_1659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_1658	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_1656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_1655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_1306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana	Strelitziana africana 
esv_1301	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1303	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Simocybe	Simocybe sumptuosa 
esv_10345	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
esv_10437	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_10435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_16827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16826	Fungi
esv_10438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_16823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_10349	Fungi	Mortierellomycota
esv_16821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala capensis 
esv_16777	Fungi
esv_16158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Coniosporium	Coniosporium sp 
esv_16773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16772	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16770	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16779	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_3655	Fungi
esv_14554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_14557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_3656	Fungi
esv_3651	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14550	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14553	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_3652	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_14558	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_14888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_16725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella	Phlebiella sp 
esv_17712	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17713	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11512	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus ranarum 
esv_8225	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11510	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_14474	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_11511	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales
esv_11517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17280	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17283	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17284	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
esv_17286	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_14035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_16755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella	Thozetella gigantea 
esv_2300	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_2871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_2304	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium sp 
esv_2305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Parauncinula
esv_2307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Bullera	Bullera penniseticola 
esv_2308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Occultifur	Occultifur externus 
esv_2657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2878	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_2879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2652	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
esv_2650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium iranianum 
esv_2651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Eremomycetaceae	Arthrographis
esv_12078	Fungi
esv_3447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium	Simplicillium sp 
esv_6555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera larvarum 
esv_6554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium lycopodinum 
esv_12072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_12073	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_12075	Fungi
esv_12076	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17612	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Thyridariaceae	Roussoella	Roussoella solani 
esv_8487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Absconditella	Absconditella rubra 
esv_8486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_16757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17882	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_8489	Fungi
esv_8488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces shapotouensis 
esv_2217	Fungi
esv_16489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Melanosporales	Melanosporaceae	Melanospora	Melanospora sp 
esv_16488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_16726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
esv_16484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16486	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Calocera
esv_16480	Fungi
esv_16483	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_12258	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12259	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_16756	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12254	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12255	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_12250	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12251	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12252	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17610	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12919	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14475	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis sp 
esv_17617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_2215	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_17419	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum citricola 
esv_601	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_607	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_358	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_17616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_16896	Fungi
esv_13709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4026	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_4025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Ganodermataceae	Ganoderma
esv_4024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora fusarioides 
esv_13701	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13700	Fungi
esv_13703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_13705	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13704	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_4028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_9250	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9625	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella schimae 
esv_6979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_6977	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_6973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Incertae_sedis	Resinicium	Resinicium saccharicola 
esv_6972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma
esv_6970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Incertae_sedis	Minimedusa
esv_321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3529	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana	Strelitziana syzygii 
esv_15707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylella	Dactylella xinjiangensis 
esv_15706	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_15703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_323	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_15700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae
esv_630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_9434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Mariannaea	Mariannaea superimposita 
esv_636	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17415	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12918	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_11287	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia
esv_11282	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma
esv_11283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales
esv_11280	Fungi
esv_5586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11289	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16143	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_5779	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_63	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_62	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sphaerospermum 
esv_65	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_64	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_67	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_66	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_5770	Fungi
esv_5771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_5580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_5774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5775	Fungi
esv_5776	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11711	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1470	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17518	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_1477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Phaeocryptopus	Phaeocryptopus gaeumannii 
esv_12667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17519	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora hymenocystis 
esv_12666	Fungi
esv_16720	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11758	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_14150	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_11751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11756	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11757	Fungi
esv_10089	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_10082	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Bulleribasidium	Bulleribasidium hainanense 
esv_10080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_10087	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Apiosporaceae
esv_5308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_5301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_5300	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5303	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Onygenaceae	Auxarthron	Auxarthron ostraviense 
esv_5305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales	Hysteriaceae	Rhytidhysteron	Rhytidhysteron rufulum 
esv_2464	Fungi
esv_5307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_5306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16558	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_11138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_8660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_11134	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11136	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11137	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_11130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium	Ceratobasidium sp 
esv_11132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17362	Fungi
esv_17361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_17367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_2317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_10885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_10668	Fungi
esv_10667	Fungi
esv_8665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_10663	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10662	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Nigrograna	Nigrograna sp 
esv_8667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_2799	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Ramichloridium	Ramichloridium luteum 
esv_2797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora pluriseptata 
esv_2796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2795	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena floridula 
esv_2792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2791	Fungi
esv_2790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_3691	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_6401	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium	Toxicocladosporium rubrigenum 
esv_3120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora livistonae 
esv_3695	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris
esv_9782	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5213	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13284	Fungi
esv_13285	Fungi
esv_13286	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_9786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13282	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia
esv_14948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae	Sphaceloma
esv_3128	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_3229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_3225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Sirobasidiaceae	Sirobasidium	Sirobasidium brefeldianum 
esv_3226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3227	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_6301	Fungi
esv_6302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_1518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14745	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1842	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1511	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1512	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Dissoconium	Dissoconium eucalypti 
esv_1516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_1845	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales
esv_4232	Fungi
esv_4233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae
esv_4230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4237	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_13061	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13062	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Incertae_sedis	Gs11
esv_8442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae
esv_13067	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae
esv_13068	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16018	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16019	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_5636	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_1850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_10513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_8446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_14747	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15435	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8448	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10029	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5318	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15437	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_17494	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_10512	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_14740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum schweinitzii 
esv_16722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_15433	Fungi
esv_5319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_16449	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16448	Fungi
esv_14741	Fungi
esv_13658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8078	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
esv_8077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_14479	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8072	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_8073	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_9219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_1736	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9217	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9215	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Schizophyllaceae	Schizophyllum	Schizophyllum amplum 
esv_9212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_9211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Rhynchostomataceae	Rhynchostoma	Rhynchostoma proteae 
esv_9210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5541	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cyphobasidiales	Microsporomycetaceae	Microsporomyces	Microsporomyces bloemfonteinensis 
esv_5547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp 
esv_5545	Fungi
esv_3919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum
esv_3917	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella beljakovae 
esv_5549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_3912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella cucphuongensis 
esv_16443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Absconditella	Absconditella rubra 
esv_3910	Fungi
esv_12625	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5214	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_12621	Fungi
esv_12623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae
esv_12622	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13657	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Goffeauzyma	Goffeauzyma sp 
esv_16444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7211	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8291	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7213	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_8294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Acrospermales	Incertae_sedis	Leptodiscella	Leptodiscella africana 
esv_7214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7217	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8297	Fungi
esv_7219	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7218	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15932	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_13654	Fungi
esv_15934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Melanotrigonum	Melanotrigonum ovale 
esv_15936	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13606	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum
esv_16511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Exobasidiomycetes	Microstromatales
esv_14727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Buckleyzymaceae	Buckleyzyma	Buckleyzyma aurantiaca 
esv_13607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_17217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_8599	Fungi
esv_16510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Hyphodermella	Hyphodermella sp 
esv_17212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8594	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16517	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Dacryobolus	Dacryobolus sp 
esv_4434	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14924	Fungi
esv_11762	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_14925	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11817	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Incertae_sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema brinkmannii 
esv_14926	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11816	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_6897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_11815	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae
esv_6893	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8926	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14256	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16516	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
esv_8922	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_6899	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8921	Fungi
esv_14922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria	Tetraplosphaeria sasicola 
esv_11768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_12838	Fungi
esv_14255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16091	Fungi
esv_2375	Fungi
esv_11818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12388	Fungi
esv_16515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_4436	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella
esv_12834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus
esv_2376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chloridium	Chloridium sp 
esv_12835	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12837	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5893	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Aporpiaceae	Elmerina	Elmerina caryae 
esv_4828	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4827	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella schimae 
esv_4825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_4791	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16523	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma	Hyphoderma nudicephalum 
esv_12380	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes
esv_14807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_12381	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_9073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1109	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_13914	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_5898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14717	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Bullera	Bullera penniseticola 
esv_14715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Trichothecium	Trichothecium roseum 
esv_14714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_14713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp 
esv_14719	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14718	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
esv_1677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Exserohilum	Exserohilum rostratum 
esv_1104	Fungi
esv_1671	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Pseudocercospora
esv_1673	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Rhizophagus	Rhizophagus sp 
esv_10410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4463	Fungi
esv_10412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium charticola 
esv_1679	Fungi
esv_1678	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10416	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Pseudorobillarda
esv_16845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_16844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16847	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16846	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16841	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1101	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16843	Fungi
esv_16842	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16848	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17696	Fungi
esv_17262	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_14578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Sirobasidiaceae	Fibulobasidium	Fibulobasidium inconspicuum 
esv_14572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_14571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_14570	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella horticola 
esv_14577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Cystobasidium	Cystobasidium sp 
esv_14575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_16618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_14270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_7858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala sp 
esv_7852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7851	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium hasegawianum 
esv_7857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_7855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7854	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16619	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Lulworthiales	Lulworthiaceae	Moleospora	Moleospora sp 
esv_17751	Fungi
esv_9471	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_10845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella sepelibilis 
esv_13595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales
esv_3012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Cordana
esv_177	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Kriegeriales	Kriegeriaceae
esv_16072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Calocera	Calocera sp 
esv_2634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma cynaroidis 
esv_2327	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_2636	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2325	Fungi
esv_2630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2631	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_2633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_16715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Incertae_sedis	Candida	Candida parapsilosis 
esv_16714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Curvularia oryzae 
esv_16717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
esv_16716	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Neofavolus
esv_2639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2328	Fungi
esv_16712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella lichenicola 
esv_12018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_6530	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12016	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Phaeoisaria	Phaeoisaria clematidis 
esv_12014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12015	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12012	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_6539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Mariannaea	Mariannaea superimposita 
esv_6538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_17008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_17009	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17002	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17003	Fungi
esv_17000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Absconditella	Absconditella rubra 
esv_17001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17006	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella sinensis 
esv_17007	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema rubi 
esv_17005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium sp 
esv_14276	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15068	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10840	Fungi
esv_16567	Fungi
esv_13918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_13499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum
esv_14864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus
esv_13491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13490	Fungi
esv_13493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13492	Fungi
esv_13495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13494	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_13497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13496	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae
esv_573	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15590	Fungi
esv_7668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Thelonectria
esv_7669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales
esv_378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_370	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_371	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium	Sarocladium bifurcatum 
esv_377	Fungi
esv_374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_375	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15541	Fungi
esv_15540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_15542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium
esv_15545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_15547	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora livistonae 
esv_4007	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma
esv_15894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4001	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_4002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_16611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_13727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_13726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_13724	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_13722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Discosia	Discosia sp 
esv_17246	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13720	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16414	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6954	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_6956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema pseudoalba 
esv_6953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_6952	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17247	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14195	Fungi
esv_15096	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae
esv_15760	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_15090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_14963	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15099	Fungi
esv_15098	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_14986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_14867	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17241	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Gs24
esv_15904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella sp 
esv_9159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Codinaea	Codinaea pini 
esv_9409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_9155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Septobasidiales	Septobasidiaceae	Septobasidium	Septobasidium sp 
esv_49	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Pseudocercospora	Pseudocercospora trichogena 
esv_48	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_17242	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_43	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Athelia	Athelia rolfsii 
esv_42	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_41	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_40	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium
esv_47	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Morosphaeriaceae	Acrocalymma	Acrocalymma fici 
esv_46	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria hemerocallidis 
esv_45	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_44	Fungi
esv_14984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14403	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14985	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14402	Fungi
esv_8844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_8841	Fungi
esv_14982	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
esv_14401	Fungi
esv_11738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora hymenocystis 
esv_11739	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cystostereaceae
esv_12542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11735	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_11732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11733	Fungi
esv_11730	Fungi
esv_11731	Fungi
esv_10065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Campylocarpon	Campylocarpon pseudofasciculare 
esv_10066	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_10069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetes_sp_19076
esv_14983	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2408	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
esv_2407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
esv_2401	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_2400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Phaeothecoidea	Phaeothecoidea minutispora 
esv_14538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Mariannaea	Mariannaea superimposita 
esv_14980	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12828	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14384	Fungi
esv_14386	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14387	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_14381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14382	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14383	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12917	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17631	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14389	Fungi
esv_12174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae
esv_10604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10607	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae	Neodevriesia	Neodevriesia shakazului 
esv_10601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Calycina	Calycina marina 
esv_10600	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae
esv_10603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_10602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10609	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10608	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17630	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17248	Fungi
esv_13915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_819	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Symmetrosporaceae	Symmetrospora	Symmetrospora vermiculata 
esv_814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_812	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_811	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4588	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma	Hyphoderma sp 
esv_4589	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_4582	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4585	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_4586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4587	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Eremomycetaceae	Arthrographis	Arthrographis longispora 
esv_5983	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_5981	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Incertae_sedis	Candida
esv_5987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae
esv_13262	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_13261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia agaves 
esv_13268	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Ruineniaceae	Ruinenia	Ruinenia pyrrosiae 
esv_13269	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17523	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_6323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia strelitziicola 
esv_3200	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
esv_3754	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_3755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Sirobasidiaceae	Sirobasidium	Sirobasidium brefeldianum 
esv_3204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_3758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3208	Fungi
esv_3209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_14918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8764	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1539	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia	Exidia truncata 
esv_1536	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1535	Fungi
esv_1532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium	Ceratobasidium ramicola 
esv_1530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_1531	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_8767	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Incertae_sedis	Gs11
esv_8760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium	Tolypocladium inegoense 
esv_16033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_16034	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
esv_13006	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13007	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_13004	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13005	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13002	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus nanyangensis 
esv_8762	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13001	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13008	Fungi
esv_13009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6187	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6184	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_3536	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6188	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_6189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_3530	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15418	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3020	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Podosphaera	Podosphaera sp 
esv_3021	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_17377	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17771	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5336	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Coniophoraceae	Gyrodontium	Gyrodontium sacchari 
esv_2105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium	Ceratobasidium sp 
esv_6019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7053	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_7051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7050	Fungi
esv_7057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_8054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_2459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_8728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Lulworthiales	Lulworthiaceae	Moleospora	Moleospora sp 
esv_8729	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8058	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_5569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus sp 
esv_5568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Nigrograna	Nigrograna sp 
esv_9237	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria sp 
esv_9230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Mycotribulus	Mycotribulus indonesiae 
esv_9233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_9232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_5562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae
esv_9238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae	Camptophora	Camptophora hylomeconis 
esv_5566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis cordanae 
esv_12358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3976	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3977	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3970	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3971	Fungi
esv_3972	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_3973	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_12351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae
esv_12350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_12353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_12352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3978	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_3979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_12357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_8501	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7588	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_16808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_7581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria
esv_4795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris
esv_7585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_7587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola phialophoroides 
esv_15166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Chrysozymaceae	Pseudohyphozyma	Pseudohyphozyma bogoriensis 
esv_7277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium	Sarocladium bacillisporum 
esv_7276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Uwebraunia	Uwebraunia musae 
esv_7275	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7274	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7273	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7272	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7271	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_15956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe nothofagi 
esv_15957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium
esv_15164	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema rubi 
esv_15953	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_7278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_10368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_4794	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5697	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_5695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cystostereaceae
esv_5694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Campylospora	Campylospora chaetocladia 
esv_5692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_5691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5690	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_17200	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_17407	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17802	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17803	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_16802	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_17807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_17805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16805	Fungi
esv_17808	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17809	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16804	Fungi
esv_13540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium
esv_10360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_10361	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16751	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16259	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Conocybe apala 
esv_17777	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_16144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_16302	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16200	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_16207	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus robustus 
esv_4618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_4619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8946	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea 
esv_8940	Fungi
esv_8941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Collarina	Collarina aurantiaca 
esv_8943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15372	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15370	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4613	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4614	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_4617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_16759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_16304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9091	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_9092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9095	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
esv_9094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Kretzschmaria	Kretzschmaria sp 
esv_9096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Bullera	Bullera penniseticola 
esv_3132	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_16146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Brycekendrickomyces	Brycekendrickomyces acaciae 
esv_4805	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Archaeosporomycetes	Archaeosporales	Archaeosporaceae	Palaeospora	Palaeospora spainiae 
esv_4772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_4770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae
esv_4776	Fungi
esv_4775	Fungi
esv_4774	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe sp 
esv_4808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
esv_17922	Fungi
esv_11079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11078	Fungi
esv_14778	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Pichiaceae	Pichia	Pichia mandshurica 
esv_11070	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11073	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11072	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11075	Fungi
esv_11074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_11077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14772	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14537	Fungi
esv_11421	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma sp 
esv_14535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_17496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Triplosphaeria	Triplosphaeria maxima 
esv_11427	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16869	Fungi
esv_14534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3135	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_10479	Fungi
esv_10476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_14533	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_10473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10470	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_14532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycopsidaceae	Saccharomycopsis	Saccharomycopsis crataegensis 
esv_14531	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14530	Fungi
esv_14148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14591	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14590	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Jahnulales	Aliquandostipitaceae	Xylomyces	Xylomyces sp 
esv_14149	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14594	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14599	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14418	Fungi
esv_14419	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7871	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4562	Fungi
esv_7873	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7875	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_7876	Fungi
esv_7879	Fungi
esv_7878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14819	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15526	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17102	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_4566	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16534	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Dichotomopilus	Dichotomopilus pratensis 
esv_10298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Beltraniaceae
esv_10292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Zasmidium	Zasmidium syzygii 
esv_10290	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10291	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Thelonectria	Thelonectria diademata 
esv_10297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae	Taphrina	Taphrina antarctica 
esv_10294	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_2619	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_2349	Fungi
esv_17039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Monacrosporium	Monacrosporium tentaculatum 
esv_2344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2345	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae	Geotrichum	Geotrichum europaeum 
esv_2611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia strelitziicola 
esv_2340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_2617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13921	Fungi
esv_13920	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_13922	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Incertae_sedis	Sistotrema	Sistotrema brinkmannii 
esv_13925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13924	Fungi
esv_13927	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes
esv_13926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_13929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Savoryellales	Savoryellaceae	Canalisporium	Canalisporium jinghongensis 
esv_13928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_16536	Fungi
esv_16738	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10860	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales
esv_12034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_12036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma
esv_12031	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea 
esv_12033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_12038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12039	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_17021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17023	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17024	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17025	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17026	Fungi
esv_17027	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_14645	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium archidendri 
esv_9891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8188	Fungi
esv_16062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys	Stachybotrys sp 
esv_8189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae
esv_10436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
esv_17105	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella oratosquillae 
esv_14647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2960	Fungi
esv_2963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2964	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_2965	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2966	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8183	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16199	Fungi
esv_16198	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16197	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8184	Fungi
esv_16195	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula mucilaginosa 
esv_16194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Sporothrix	Sporothrix sp 
esv_16192	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_8185	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium hasegawianum 
esv_3568	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6518	Fungi
esv_3563	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_6514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus semibulbosus 
esv_3561	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6516	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus affinis 
esv_6510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_3565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_3564	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_7649	Fungi
esv_7646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_7647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_7644	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Coniosporium	Coniosporium sp 
esv_7643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7640	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Stigmina	Stigmina carpophila 
esv_15565	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_15563	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15562	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15561	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15560	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Coniophoraceae	Coniophora	Coniophora olivacea 
esv_13745	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13744	Fungi
esv_13747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_13746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Xenasmatella	Xenasmatella ardosiaca 
esv_13741	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13740	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13743	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13742	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
esv_13702	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13748	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Trichomonascaceae	Blastobotrys	Blastobotrys terrestris 
esv_17498	Fungi
esv_12290	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria
esv_12291	Fungi	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Sparassis	Sparassis crispa 
esv_12292	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12293	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_12295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_12296	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12297	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_15749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Eutypa	Eutypa lata 
esv_15748	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14470	Fungi
esv_15741	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Occultifur	Occultifur externus 
esv_14643	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_9398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_9399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_9392	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9393	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_9396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_9397	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Incertae_sedis	Peniophorella
esv_9394	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales
esv_9395	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_17847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16539	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
esv_15582	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10989	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_16472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_9178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9176	Fungi
esv_17596	Fungi
esv_9172	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9173	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9170	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_9171	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Diversisporaceae
esv_5734	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_5736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladium buxicola 
esv_5731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5732	Fungi
esv_14519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces sp 
esv_15912	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9227	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Incertae_sedis	Gs11
esv_10985	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6351	Fungi
esv_16475	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
esv_11240	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_11246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
esv_11247	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_11244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Colacogloea	Colacogloea eucalyptica 
esv_11245	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_11248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10047	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_10044	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia epidermidis 
esv_10593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_10592	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15124	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria
esv_10598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10049	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2425	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_2424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_5347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium archidendri 
esv_2426	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2421	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5340	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5343	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae	Gigaspora
esv_2422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae
esv_2428	Fungi
esv_17614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebia
esv_17269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Capronia	Capronia coronata 
esv_8980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_2673	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis
esv_8982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis pachyderma 
esv_2675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
esv_8983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_2676	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9103	Fungi
esv_2853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium archidendri 
esv_7084	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes
esv_8986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_8790	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8987	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3098	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_7081	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Hypholoma	Hypholoma fasciculare 
esv_838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_8797	Fungi
esv_1447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Savoryellales	Savoryellaceae	Canalisporium	Canalisporium pulchrum 
esv_833	Fungi
esv_832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Curvularia lunata 
esv_834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1730	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1731	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1733	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_1088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1737	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Savoryellales	Savoryellaceae	Canalisporium	Canalisporium pulchrum 
esv_1739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_1084	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria sp 
esv_1083	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_2280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_2282	Fungi
esv_2285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora dimorpha 
esv_2284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metacordyceps	Metacordyceps chlamydosporia 
esv_2287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_2286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium
esv_2288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13242	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis
esv_13244	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13245	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_9229	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7089	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_17265	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales
esv_3094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_15333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Beltraniaceae
esv_3774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium	Myrothecium sp 
esv_3772	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14901	Fungi
esv_16794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15331	Fungi
esv_3778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium estuarinum 
esv_3779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1886	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1887	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales	Hysteriaceae	Rhytidhysteron	Rhytidhysteron rufulum 
esv_1551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
esv_4969	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1558	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_1559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_1889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13029	Fungi
esv_16058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces sp 
esv_16059	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13024	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13025	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Amaurodon
esv_13021	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13022	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_13503	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17659	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_3488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16570	Fungi
esv_3484	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_3486	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Phaeophleospora	Phaeophleospora hymenocallidicola 
esv_3480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Phaeophleospora	Phaeophleospora hymenocallidicola 
esv_3481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
esv_3482	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_3483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_12993	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium sp 
esv_12991	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12990	Fungi
esv_12996	Fungi
esv_12995	Fungi
esv_13507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12999	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12998	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_17658	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Ceratocystidaceae	Ceratocystis	Ceratocystis fimbriata 
esv_13505	Fungi
esv_14512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_13056	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14425	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Cystobasidium	Cystobasidium sp 
esv_8740	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales
esv_3092	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_12199	Fungi
esv_12198	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
esv_12191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_8880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_12196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Dinemasporium	Dinemasporium spinificis 
esv_7079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_14424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phanerochaete	Phanerochaete sp 
esv_3091	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17146	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7071	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_7073	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_7072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium	Simplicillium sp 
esv_7075	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7074	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_8707	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8705	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales
esv_8702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Bacidina	Bacidina arnoldiana 
esv_8703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17491	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15623	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8708	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia	Orbilia phragmotricha 
esv_6709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_3958	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_3959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae
esv_16339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_5509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5508	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6700	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5506	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Kamienskia
esv_5505	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5503	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Athelia
esv_6706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Absconditella	Absconditella rubra 
esv_5500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12379	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum
esv_12377	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12375	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_12373	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae
esv_12371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11611	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium	Myrothecium sp 
esv_7258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_7257	Fungi
esv_7256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Apiosporaceae	Arthrinium	Arthrinium malaysianum 
esv_7251	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6175	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae
esv_7252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6032	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_15976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_3414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
esv_15970	Fungi
esv_13557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_15979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia diffluens 
esv_12909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum citricola 
esv_584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_238	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_233	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_16205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_5962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_12901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_1994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_3419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_1995	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2538	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16690	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12589	Fungi
esv_15271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria	Xylaria apiculata 
esv_6850	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Scedosporium
esv_6853	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_6856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6857	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8962	Fungi
esv_8963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_8960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales
esv_8967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_8964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_15350	Fungi
esv_15349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_15352	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15353	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_8241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_4638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10262	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4635	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella	Phlebiella sp 
esv_4633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10756	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15909	Fungi
esv_17540	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15908	Fungi
esv_14887	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_15348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_12583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae 
esv_17545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17544	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17340	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_17465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_4751	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella fuciformis 
esv_4750	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella sp 
esv_8248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4755	Fungi
esv_16693	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
esv_9582	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_11501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11500	Fungi
esv_14023	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp 
esv_11505	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Helicoma	Helicoma morganii 
esv_11058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_11509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_11508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14759	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11054	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_11052	Fungi
esv_11051	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Diversisporaceae	Diversispora	Diversispora epigaea 
esv_9586	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_14884	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_10455	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_9618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_10450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_10451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Tainosphaeria	Tainosphaeria sp 
esv_10452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9613	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Diversisporaceae
esv_9612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_9610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10458	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_9614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales
esv_14883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides 
esv_12279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Amaurodon
esv_17721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_17720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_13466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae 
esv_16149	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella	Thozetella queenslandica 
esv_7817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_7816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales
esv_7815	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Dictyosporium	Dictyosporium strelitziae 
esv_7812	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_7810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Yamadazyma
esv_5081	Fungi
esv_5087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_5084	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Incertae_sedis	Mingxiaea	Mingxiaea siamensis 
esv_17947	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_1949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Neofusicoccum
esv_1942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Seiridium
esv_1941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_1940	Fungi
esv_1947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema
esv_1946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium schulzeri 
esv_1945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp 
esv_10902	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10903	Fungi
esv_10900	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10901	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17226	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15649	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10904	Fungi
esv_17225	Fungi
esv_17598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_10909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5883	Fungi	Mortierellomycota
esv_2360	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Phaeoisaria	Phaeoisaria clematidis 
esv_2367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_5884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Absconditella	Absconditella rubra 
esv_2365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella schimae 
esv_2368	Fungi
esv_5889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16509	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Collarina	Collarina aurantiaca 
esv_13907	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13901	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13900	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16169	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Ganodermataceae	Ganoderma
esv_13908	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
esv_17046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_17044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17045	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17042	Fungi
esv_14009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17040	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_14008	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17049	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Goffeauzyma	Goffeauzyma sp 
esv_13342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pezizaceae	Peziza	Peziza domiciliana 
esv_6289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_6285	Fungi
esv_6287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_6286	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_6280	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6283	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Endogonomycetes	Endogonales
esv_8399	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8398	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8394	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8391	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8390	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8392	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cyphobasidiales
esv_2946	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_2945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales	Hysteriaceae	Rhytidhysteron	Rhytidhysteron rufulum 
esv_2943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella	Zopfiella sp 
esv_2941	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6061	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6060	Fungi
esv_3011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_3542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_3545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae
esv_3014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_6069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_3548	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_8571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7625	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_8574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7622	Fungi
esv_7623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8579	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15504	Fungi
esv_15507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Occultifur	Occultifur externus 
esv_7628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_7629	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Conoideocrella	Conoideocrella luteorostrata 
esv_10633	Fungi
esv_16318	Fungi
esv_13769	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Ruineniaceae	Ruinenia	Ruinenia sp 
esv_13763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Clypeosphaeria	Clypeosphaeria sp 
esv_13762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora sp 
esv_13761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Fellomyces
esv_13767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Mycoacia	Mycoacia sp 
esv_13766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_13765	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17983	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17982	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_16559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Cryphonectriaceae	Chrysoporthe	Chrysoporthe cubensis 
esv_8281	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12877	Fungi
esv_9030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_9370	Fungi
esv_9371	Fungi
esv_9372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora
esv_9375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium schulzeri 
esv_9377	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9379	Fungi
esv_17989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae	Heterodermia	Heterodermia leucomelos 
esv_17988	Fungi
esv_16557	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16556	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_9114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5718	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_5719	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9113	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5712	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora
esv_5713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium
esv_5710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5716	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5717	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Collarina	Collarina aurantiaca 
esv_15580	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12418	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Incertae_sedis	Candida
esv_15583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_12413	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_12417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12414	Fungi
esv_12415	Fungi
esv_9324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Heterocephalacria	Heterocephalacria arrabidensis 
esv_12673	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5963	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus
esv_16554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_17209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum floriforme 
esv_11268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_11269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_16553	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11260	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11261	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11266	Fungi
esv_11267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16458	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17120	Fungi
esv_12826	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16552	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_16459	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7553	Fungi
esv_16551	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11197	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Acanthostigma	Acanthostigma scopulum 
esv_10848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_11192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_11193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella lichenicola 
esv_10847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_10846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae	Physcia	Physcia austrostellaris 
esv_7555	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8616	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10844	Fungi
esv_4926	Fungi
esv_10842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_851	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_850	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10841	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_855	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon notatum 
esv_14623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius alboviolaceus 
esv_11997	Fungi
esv_11994	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_11992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11993	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11990	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6437	Fungi
esv_4927	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_11998	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1716	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_1717	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_1710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Parascedosporium	Parascedosporium putredinis 
esv_1711	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6432	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_10021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_10020	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1718	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium dominicanum 
esv_16090	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13228	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_13225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13221	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3718	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14929	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14253	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3717	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3710	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus panamensis 
esv_14254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3713	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_1578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Dictyosporium	Dictyosporium digitatum 
esv_1579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16452	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_1572	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1570	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_1576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_1574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis
esv_17693	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17692	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17697	Fungi
esv_3118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Gliomastix	Gliomastix sp 
esv_14620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_17694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae
esv_3119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia byssoides 
esv_16074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_8434	Fungi
esv_13596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Tainosphaeria	Tainosphaeria sp 
esv_16077	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13590	Fungi
esv_13591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8435	Fungi
esv_13598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_8436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_15721	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8437	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_10712	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_16450	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15722	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Zymoseptoria	Zymoseptoria verkleyi 
esv_15724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae
esv_16451	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
esv_6499	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15425	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6490	Fungi
esv_6491	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6492	Fungi
esv_6493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_6494	Fungi
esv_6495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladiella
esv_6497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12170	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_12172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
esv_12175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_12177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_12178	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16456	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16932	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8768	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8769	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7016	Fungi
esv_8766	Fungi
esv_7014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_7013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_7012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7011	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7010	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2008	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Itersonilia	Itersonilia perplexans 
esv_16937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_2003	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2002	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
esv_16936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_2006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Acrocalymma	Ascochyta medicaginicola 
esv_2004	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5525	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_5527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_5526	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis sp 
esv_5520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_5523	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_6727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6724	Fungi
esv_6725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_5529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Dictyocheirospora	Dictyocheirospora garethjonesii 
esv_6720	Fungi	Sordariomycetes
esv_12315	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12317	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12316	Fungi
esv_12310	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11521	Fungi
esv_12319	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12318	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13647	Fungi
esv_13640	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius
esv_17207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_16455	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium	Pleurothecium recurvatum 
esv_13643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_16991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
esv_15643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_17203	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Wallemiomycetes	Wallemiales	Wallemiaceae	Wallemia	Wallemia muriae 
esv_15369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17205	Fungi
esv_219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nematophilum 
esv_218	Fungi
esv_17848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium colombiense 
esv_210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
esv_213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Parascedosporium	Parascedosporium putredinis 
esv_212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis sp 
esv_215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum 
esv_217	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_216	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4388	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4389	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_4386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4387	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium
esv_4382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_4383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus
esv_4380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae
esv_4381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16929	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14268	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella oryzae 
esv_11806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6874	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6875	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_6873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium	Corticium sp 
esv_6870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8989	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_4654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_4655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea compacta 
esv_4656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia byssoides 
esv_15335	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4651	Fungi
esv_4652	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_4653	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_11803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebia	Phlebia sp 
esv_4658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_15338	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14262	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae
esv_17883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16310	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14260	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16990	Fungi
esv_4738	Fungi
esv_4737	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4736	Fungi
esv_4735	Fungi
esv_4734	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_4733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_4732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia
esv_4731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_4730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_9589	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1133	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_9583	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_6467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9581	Fungi
esv_9580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_9587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_1130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Bullera	Bullera penniseticola 
esv_9585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_16231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Parateratosphaeria
esv_1136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_17514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_1137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11035	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11526	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11037	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11524	Fungi
esv_11031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1134	Fungi
esv_11033	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11032	Fungi
esv_1135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Scopuloides	Scopuloides sp 
esv_11038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae
esv_11528	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum sp 
esv_1384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora guyanensis 
esv_1386	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_1381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13963	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma sp 
esv_1383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_1382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13962	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_1389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_1388	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16224	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15391	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9633	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9635	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_6461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_9638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Sclerostagonospora	Sclerostagonospora opuntiae 
esv_14756	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Sirobasidiaceae
esv_16314	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_16227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Batcheloromyces	Batcheloromyces leucadendri 
esv_17681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_6460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium trichocladiopsis 
esv_17682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16809	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_7834	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7837	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7836	Fungi
esv_7831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_7830	Fungi
esv_7833	Fungi	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_7832	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chloridium
esv_5061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Biatriosporaceae	Biatriospora	Biatriospora mackinnonii 
esv_5062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium colombiense 
esv_5063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_5064	Fungi
esv_5065	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_5068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_14444	Fungi
esv_16316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_1961	Fungi
esv_10929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_1962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_1964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp 
esv_1969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_10921	Fungi
esv_10922	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_10924	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10925	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula 
esv_10927	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16220	Fungi
esv_492	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17068	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16094	Fungi
esv_6015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_491	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_13968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_14442	Fungi
esv_13965	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus
esv_13964	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_13967	Fungi
esv_13966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13960	Fungi
esv_12958	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium	Pleurothecium recurvatum 
esv_16223	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae
esv_16924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_14441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales
esv_17069	Fungi
esv_17064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
esv_17065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Pichiaceae	Pichia
esv_17066	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17060	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17061	Fungi
esv_17062	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17063	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16222	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Capnobotryella	Capnobotryella renispora 
esv_17324	Fungi
esv_14440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6263	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6261	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_11447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys divergens 
esv_6266	Fungi
esv_6264	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylella	Dactylella arnaudii 
esv_8373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8372	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8370	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusicolla	Fusicolla acetilerea 
esv_8379	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15366	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella prillingeri 
esv_2926	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_2920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_2923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Chrysozymaceae	Pseudohyphozyma	Pseudohyphozyma bogoriensis 
esv_16579	Fungi
esv_2929	Fungi	Mortierellomycota
esv_3039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_3038	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_3033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_3032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_3037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_6007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Campylospora	Campylospora chaetocladia 
esv_6004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6003	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella sepelibilis 
esv_6000	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16100	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6009	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8517	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_8516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_8515	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Bartaliniaceae	Bartalinia	Bartalinia robillardoides 
esv_8513	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_8511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Calloria	Calloria urticae 
esv_8510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15838	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_15529	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15528	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_8518	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella
esv_13785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Cora
esv_13784	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13787	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria raciborskii 
esv_13789	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13788	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16335	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16334	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia fuscosuccinea 
esv_16333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_16331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16330	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12833	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora	Acaulospora spinosissima 
esv_11443	Fungi
esv_16102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15787	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15783	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15782	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_15780	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15789	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15788	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys candelabrum 
esv_9354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9355	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_9350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_9359	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_12788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora
esv_12789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_12782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus nanyangensis 
esv_12783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporobolomyces
esv_12780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella sichuanensis 
esv_12781	Fungi
esv_12786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12787	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia
esv_12785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7358	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_688	Fungi
esv_689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Passalora	Passalora nattrassii 
esv_682	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_683	Fungi
esv_680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Cordana	Cordana terrestris 
esv_681	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_686	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_687	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cyphobasidiales
esv_9139	Fungi
esv_15298	Fungi
esv_9132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium	Toxicocladosporium strelitziae 
esv_9136	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9137	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9134	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_8693	Fungi
esv_12430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Zasmidium	Zasmidium dalbergiae 
esv_12431	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_12435	Fungi
esv_12436	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_12438	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Jahnulales
esv_16708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_14970	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16571	Fungi
esv_11422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Incertae_sedis	Amphobotrys	Amphobotrys ricini 
esv_9340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Cladobotryum	Cladobotryum multiseptatum 
esv_16806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_4318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11208	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_11206	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11204	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Incertae_sedis	Arthropsis	Arthropsis hispanica 
esv_3010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
esv_11203	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae
esv_16164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
esv_16573	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11420	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15439	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_12851	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16572	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16575	Fungi
esv_17502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Incertae_sedis	Candida
esv_14729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_875	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14495	Fungi
esv_877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella oratosquillae 
esv_871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_873	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1779	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Trichosporon	Trichosporon coremiiforme 
esv_1775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_1777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_1772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_10003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Cystolepiota	Cystolepiota sp 
esv_10002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16928	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10000	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_10006	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10005	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10559	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_16920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16577	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11424	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16925	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13207	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_13203	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae
esv_3732	Fungi
esv_14271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_14272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cystostereaceae
esv_3731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_3737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_14277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14278	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_3738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_1593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metacordyceps	Metacordyceps chlamydosporia 
esv_1595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Castanediella
esv_1596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae	Neodevriesia	Neodevriesia modesta 
esv_8778	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_11599	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Phaeoisaria	Phaeoisaria clematidis 
esv_8775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_11593	Fungi
esv_17501	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycopsidaceae	Saccharomycopsis	Saccharomycopsis vini 
esv_8180	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6006	Fungi	Cercozoa
esv_17478	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11596	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_5299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_3524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus
esv_14607	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_11594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_5293	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_3523	Fungi
esv_5291	Fungi
esv_5290	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5297	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5296	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2115	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11356	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_3198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3199	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_3196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_3197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
esv_3194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium halotolerans 
esv_3195	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus
esv_3192	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_3190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Torulaceae	Torula	Torula hollandica 
esv_3191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12157	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_14606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_12153	Fungi
esv_17259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_2111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chloridium	Chloridium sp 
esv_12159	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_7035	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_8743	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7037	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia nigricans 
esv_7036	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7031	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Fellomyces	Fellomyces borneensis 
esv_2445	Fungi
esv_8744	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8745	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes
esv_2112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma sp 
esv_7039	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium hasegawianum 
esv_2020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocarpon	Cylindrocarpon sp 
esv_2023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_2025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_2024	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_2027	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Pseudocercospora	Pseudocercospora rhabdothamni 
esv_2028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Kretzschmaria	Kretzschmaria sp 
esv_1310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia bicuspidata 
esv_3994	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3995	Fungi
esv_3992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3993	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3990	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3991	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_12331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebia
esv_12330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6749	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3998	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe infecunda 
esv_7299	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15520	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_7290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7293	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Neofusicoccum	Neofusicoccum batangarum 
esv_7294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus	Clitopilus sp 
esv_15177	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales
esv_10420	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6321	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebia	Phlebia acanthocystis 
esv_16818	Fungi
esv_15171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_16819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_10424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis neophlyctidospora 
esv_271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
esv_270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium	Sarocladium strictum 
esv_275	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_17864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16812	Fungi
esv_17866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_17867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Rhinocladiella similis 
esv_17862	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae
esv_16810	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Cylindrobasidium	Cylindrobasidium sp 
esv_16999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_9833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9831	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_9834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae
esv_9839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_9838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_13990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6818	Fungi
esv_6324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_1865	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae	Dipodascus	Dipodascus geotrichum 
esv_6815	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6816	Fungi
esv_6817	Fungi
esv_6810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales
esv_6812	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_16337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_4678	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15318	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_4672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_13994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15316	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Lecanicillium sp 
esv_4676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Hirsutella	Hirsutella nutans 
esv_4677	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_4674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_15645	Fungi
esv_13996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae
esv_17222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_1863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Stephanonectria
esv_17345	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13999	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12309	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11703	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16218	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16219	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4716	Fungi
esv_4711	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus
esv_4713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11702	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4719	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Dictyosporium	Dictyosporium digitatum 
esv_14520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces
esv_14523	Fungi
esv_14524	Fungi
esv_17592	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_14525	Fungi
esv_14526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces sp 
esv_14176	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14175	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16574	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11700	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_9657	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus caesiellus 
esv_5109	Fungi
esv_5108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_9653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Simocybe	Simocybe sumptuosa 
esv_9652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_9650	Fungi
esv_5103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5102	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5101	Fungi
esv_14170	Fungi
esv_5107	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_16830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae	Neodevriesia	Neodevriesia modesta 
esv_5105	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12916	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Trapeliales	Trapeliaceae	Trapeliopsis	Trapeliopsis wallrothii 
esv_14178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5046	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_5042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Lectera	Lectera longa 
esv_5043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5040	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5041	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella cucumerina 
esv_15257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
esv_5048	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_11019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_11549	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11548	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11013	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
esv_4571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11011	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11010	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11016	Fungi
esv_11543	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_1907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp 
esv_1903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_1901	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_10949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10947	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_10761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_10766	Fungi
esv_10767	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_10764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae	Leptoxyphium	Leptoxyphium madagascariense 
esv_13943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium archidendri 
esv_13942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13941	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales
esv_13946	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Sporothrix
esv_4579	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_13948	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17082	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17080	Fungi
esv_17081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Cryptodiscus	Cryptodiscus sp 
esv_17086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17087	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_17085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17088	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17089	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_17228	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16994	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16993	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16992	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae	Heterodermia	Heterodermia flabellata 
esv_6248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11095	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
esv_6240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_6242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium
esv_6245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6247	Fungi
esv_6246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17229	Fungi
esv_17870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces sp 
esv_14923	Fungi
esv_8686	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2908	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_8681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_8680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Veronaeopsis	Veronaeopsis simplex 
esv_2902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus
esv_2903	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae
esv_2900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_2901	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium flavoviride 
esv_2907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2904	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13410	Fungi
esv_13413	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13415	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13414	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16137	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13416	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13419	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13418	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
esv_16685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16684	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16683	Fungi
esv_16682	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16681	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebia
esv_14467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria sp 
esv_17878	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6029	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales
esv_3508	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Zasmidium
esv_6025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_6024	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3507	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia sp 
esv_3501	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_3503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Lulworthiales	Lulworthiaceae	Moleospora	Moleospora sp 
esv_3050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Coniothyriaceae	Camarosporium	Camarosporium sp 
esv_14466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4085	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales
esv_4084	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4081	Fungi
esv_4080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Ceriporia	Ceriporia lacerata 
esv_4083	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_15818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16355	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16354	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales
esv_16351	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16350	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16358	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_12973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium archidendri 
esv_12354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8359	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8358	Fungi
esv_7199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Chlamydotubeufia	Chlamydotubeufia khunkornensis 
esv_7192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8353	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae
esv_7197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_7194	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium
esv_9338	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9335	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Gs24
esv_9337	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces sp 
esv_9331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9333	Fungi
esv_14972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora oxyspora 
esv_16244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6079	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema rubi 
esv_8538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_7379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_7376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_7377	Fungi
esv_7374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala capensis 
esv_7375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria arecacearum 
esv_8531	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7373	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7370	Fungi
esv_7371	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella fatshederae 
esv_9482	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_9480	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9481	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_9487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_6440	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Pyrenulales	Pyrenulaceae	Pyrenula
esv_7350	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_7351	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Dominikia	Dominikia difficilevidera 
esv_14847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea compacta 
esv_7352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12456	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12457	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12454	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces sp 
esv_12452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12453	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12451	Fungi
esv_7354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_12458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum
esv_7355	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_7604	Fungi
esv_8969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17292	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14845	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_11224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_3246	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_8829	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8828	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11220	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_11222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Lachnella	Lachnella alboviolascens 
esv_8822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_8821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8820	Fungi
esv_8827	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6364	Fungi
esv_14844	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium sp 
esv_4979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3240	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1458	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_2662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema flavescens 
esv_2661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Arthrobotrys	Arthrobotrys musiformis 
esv_15109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15108	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15658	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15101	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2667	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15102	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_15104	Fungi
esv_15107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15106	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15308	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6368	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_4970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6369	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_4972	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Dictyosporium	Dictyosporium strelitziae 
esv_4975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Coniothyriaceae	Coniothyrium	Coniothyrium sidae 
esv_11952	Fungi
esv_11481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_11482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema sp 
esv_11483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
esv_11484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4977	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_11487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Trichothecium	Trichothecium roseum 
esv_11488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum triplex 
esv_11958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_11959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Tubeufia	Tubeufia sp 
esv_6819	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4502	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_1754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp 
esv_4507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_4509	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1758	Fungi
esv_1759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Ascochyta	Ascochyta medicaginicola 
esv_16900	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_10573	Fungi	Blastocladiomycota	Blastocladiomycetes	Blastocladiales	Catenariaceae
esv_10572	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Bandoniozyma	Bandoniozyma glucofermentans 
esv_16907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Stereaceae	Stereum	Stereum sanguinolentum 
esv_16908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_16909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis clastophylla 
esv_15304	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_10579	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium iranianum 
esv_13886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_13884	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13885	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13881	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Septobasidiales	Septobasidiaceae	Septobasidium	Septobasidium sp 
esv_14215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14212	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14210	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14211	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae
esv_7098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Ampelomyces	Ampelomyces quisqualis 
esv_14218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_7979	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_7971	Fungi
esv_7972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_7974	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_7976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_16569	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16126	Fungi
esv_6133	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16562	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16127	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_13516	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_16566	Fungi
esv_13511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia sp 
esv_2591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_2593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_2226	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_2224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Stenella	Stenella musicola 
esv_2599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus	Coprinellus canistri 
esv_2598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_5909	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5908	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
esv_8492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12138	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_8493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae
esv_12135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
esv_12134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12137	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12136	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12131	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12130	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12133	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_17748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14808	Fungi
esv_3429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_16125	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_8496	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17743	Fungi
esv_17742	Fungi
esv_17745	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_17744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_1072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_8494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_8495	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2045	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_2044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Debaryomyces
esv_2043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_13088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae
esv_2040	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13086	Fungi
esv_13087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_13084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13085	Fungi
esv_13083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria
esv_2048	Fungi
esv_12683	Fungi
esv_12682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_12681	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6141	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12687	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_12686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Tubeufia	Tubeufia sp 
esv_12685	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12684	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_12867	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae 
esv_12866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Kriegeriales	Kriegeriaceae
esv_12689	Fungi
esv_12688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Phaeoisaria	Phaeoisaria clematidis 
esv_12861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_14609	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_14608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Conlarium	Conlarium sp 
esv_1070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3425	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae	Teichospora
esv_5226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae	Monographella	Monographella nivalis 
esv_258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Arthoniomycetes	Arthoniales	Arthoniaceae	Arthothelium	Arthothelium spectabile 
esv_529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis neophlyctidospora 
esv_255	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_524	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_523	Fungi
esv_522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_253	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_15484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes
esv_15485	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_15480	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_15481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15482	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium
esv_9819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria	Xylaria frustulosa 
esv_9818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13628	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Cutaneotrichosporon	Cutaneotrichosporon daszewskae 
esv_5220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13622	Fungi
esv_9810	Fungi
esv_9813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
esv_13626	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9814	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9817	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9816	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_3319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum citricola 
esv_6768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_6769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
esv_3310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3311	Fungi
esv_3312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_3314	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
esv_3315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_3316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora
esv_6830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6834	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium hasegawianum 
esv_7413	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
esv_6839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_7416	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_4690	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Incertae_sedis	Resinicium	Resinicium friabile 
esv_4691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales
esv_15663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Capronia	Capronia sp 
esv_4695	Fungi
esv_4696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15669	Fungi
esv_5229	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria	Tetraplosphaeria sasicola 
esv_16442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15263	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17556	Fungi
esv_14451	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17557	Fungi
esv_9745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_17551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_15931	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
esv_17552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17553	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Yamadazyma
esv_14285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_9744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14287	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14286	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_11676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon munkii 
esv_14283	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_11202	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales
esv_16006	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae
esv_10109	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9679	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9678	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9675	Fungi
esv_9674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys divergens 
esv_9677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9676	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9670	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_9673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Phaeoisaria	Phaeoisaria clematidis 
esv_9672	Fungi
esv_5121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5120	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Annulohypoxylon	Annulohypoxylon nitens 
esv_5127	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_5126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_5129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5128	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus flavus 
esv_17734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17735	Fungi
esv_5815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_4996	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae	Dentiscutata
esv_17737	Fungi
esv_4993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_4992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium anisopliae 
esv_4991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_17730	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_4967	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_4998	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora
esv_5028	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_5025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae
esv_5027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5021	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema
esv_5022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella coprosmae 
esv_4964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_11563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Sagenomella	Sagenomella sp 
esv_11562	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11561	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11566	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Halomycetaceae	Paludomyces	Paludomyces mangrovei 
esv_11565	Fungi
esv_6307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria sp 
esv_11569	Fungi
esv_14048	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_10213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_10210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Dinemasporium	Dinemasporium morbidum 
esv_10211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10216	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10217	Fungi
esv_10214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea 
esv_10748	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Incertae_sedis	Gs11
esv_10749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia
esv_10218	Fungi
esv_10219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_10968	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_2691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium iranianum 
esv_2696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
esv_2697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp 
esv_2694	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2699	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_4961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15505	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4960	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6226	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_6224	Fungi
esv_6222	Fungi
esv_6221	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6220	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala sp 
esv_1258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_1924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia sp 
esv_1926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus
esv_1921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_1920	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis
esv_1922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_343	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14489	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_15882	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_13437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16116	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16113	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae	Camptophora	Camptophora hylomeconis 
esv_13431	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_13439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Trichomerium	Trichomerium foliicola 
esv_3074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon carneum 
esv_6597	Fungi
esv_6596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_3071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
esv_6590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_6593	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora dimorpha 
esv_6599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_16378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16373	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16371	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16377	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Conlarium	Conlarium sp 
esv_16374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_14773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Coprinus	Coprinus cordisporus 
esv_16447	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13080	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_7170	Fungi
esv_7171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
esv_7172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_7173	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_8339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Botryobasidiaceae
esv_7178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7179	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8333	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8332	Fungi
esv_8331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_8330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
esv_9310	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9311	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9319	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9649	Fungi
esv_16261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_7314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_7315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7313	Fungi
esv_14483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15874	Fungi
esv_15877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15876	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_7319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporobolomyces	Sporobolomyces roseus 
esv_15596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13615	Fungi
esv_16260	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14066	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica 
esv_15594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15595	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_12478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_12479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14482	Fungi
esv_12474	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12477	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_12473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_16263	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria	Xylaria polymorpha 
esv_15591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Genolevuria	Genolevuria amylolytica 
esv_11924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_6066	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_16250	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_754	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_756	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_751	Fungi
esv_752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_753	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_758	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_8801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_8803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_6050	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_8807	Fungi
esv_8806	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_15291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_8808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_15292	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_15297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_7238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_14829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_10853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_16267	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_6052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Dothistroma	Dothistroma pini 
esv_8271	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15129	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15128	Fungi
esv_15127	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
esv_7541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8608	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15123	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_15121	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_10858	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_6420	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_7542	Fungi
esv_14823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Calosphaeriales	Calosphaeriaceae	Jattaea	Jattaea prunicola 
esv_14499	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Leprocaulales	Leprocaulaceae	Leprocaulon	Leprocaulon adhaerens 
esv_11979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_6422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium	Toxicocladosporium cacti 
esv_11970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_6425	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14453	Fungi
esv_11975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_11976	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6424	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14494	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14182	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Incertae_sedis	Hortaea	Hortaea werneckii 
esv_14180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_14496	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_14189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_4526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_4527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_4524	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4525	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10519	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_4523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_4520	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_4521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_10514	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10517	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodosporidiobolus	Rhodosporidiobolus sp 
esv_10511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_10510	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium sp 
esv_1009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_16967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16964	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16965	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Tubeufia	Tubeufia paludosa 
esv_14492	Fungi
esv_16960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16961	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium	Corticium sp 
esv_17322	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_16968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales
esv_9056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae
esv_14238	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14239	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14988	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_11603	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_11607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp 
esv_11604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_6056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora longicollis 
esv_2988	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_7956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_7957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7954	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon anthochroum 
esv_7950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7951	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_12728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon ochraceum 
esv_15732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Buckleyzymaceae	Buckleyzyma	Buckleyzyma aurantiaca 
esv_17189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_17188	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17187	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15730	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus
esv_15416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Kabatiella	Kabatiella sp 
esv_5928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10550	Fungi
esv_5921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Letendraea	Letendraea helminthicola 
esv_5920	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_5925	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_5927	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium
esv_12720	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10552	Fungi
esv_15734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium brasiliense 
esv_15735	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Exobasidiomycetes	Golubeviales	Golubeviaceae	Golubevia	Golubevia pallescens 
esv_10554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_12116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Naohideales	Naohideaceae	Naohidea	Naohidea sebacea 
esv_12115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Seiridium
esv_10556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_14010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_8429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora pluriseptata 
esv_17769	Fungi	Entorrhizomycota	Entorrhizomycetes	Entorrhizales	Entorrhizaceae	Entorrhiza
esv_14011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17767	Fungi
esv_17766	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17765	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_17763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14012	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Phaffomycetaceae	Cyberlindnera	Cyberlindnera sp 
esv_294	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_2069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_2068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia sp 
esv_2065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium thailandense 
esv_14014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_2066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae
esv_2061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_2062	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_967	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_966	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_963	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_961	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_960	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_14017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16588	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12805	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_10779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12807	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12806	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales
esv_12801	Fungi
esv_12800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10778	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12809	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus	Claroideoglomus sp 
esv_12808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_17279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16465	Fungi
esv_17278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_17275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
esv_16461	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16460	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Gymnopilus	Gymnopilus dilepis 
esv_509	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Incertae_sedis	Arthropsis	Arthropsis hispanica 
esv_7789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_17276	Fungi
esv_501	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis sp 
esv_502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_504	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae	Camptophora	Camptophora hylomeconis 
esv_4320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria tenuipes 
esv_4321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_4322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_4323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_4325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_4327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes
esv_4328	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus	Septoglomus constrictum 
esv_4329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina pseudophaseolina 
esv_4	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales
esv_5	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_2	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_13601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Pseudocercospora	Pseudocercospora rhabdothamni 
esv_13602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_13604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora sp 
esv_13608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_9876	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus	Claroideoglomus sp 
esv_9875	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9874	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon erythrostroma 
esv_9872	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9871	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6781	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria sp 
esv_6783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris	Bipolaris gossypina 
esv_6784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3338	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3339	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_3336	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp 
esv_3334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_3335	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3332	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_3333	Fungi
esv_3330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3331	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7435	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7436	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7439	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7438	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11745	Fungi
esv_15606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15604	Fungi
esv_11296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium	Stemphylium sp 
esv_15602	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp 
esv_15600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Poaceascoma	Poaceascoma helicoides 
esv_15601	Fungi
esv_11743	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16401	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella sinensis 
esv_15609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales
esv_11741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Thermomyces	Thermomyces lanuginosus 
esv_11740	Fungi
esv_3502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5903	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Fonsecaea	Fonsecaea sp 
esv_5490	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Archaeosporomycetes	Archaeosporales	Archaeosporaceae	Palaeospora	Palaeospora spainiae 
esv_5492	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_5497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae
esv_5496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Incertae_sedis	Rhexoacrodictys	Rhexoacrodictys fimicola 
esv_5499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Beltraniaceae	Beltraniella	Beltraniella sp 
esv_5498	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Apiosporaceae
esv_1121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria sp 
esv_1120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_1123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9693	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_9691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae
esv_9690	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9697	Fungi
esv_9696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9695	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_5147	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_5146	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_5145	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema sp 
esv_5142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_4449	Fungi
esv_5149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Campylocarpon	Campylocarpon pseudofasciculare 
esv_5148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17978	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_13571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_10022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
esv_17976	Fungi
esv_17977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_7562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_9451	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7899	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces shapotouensis 
esv_9450	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7897	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7893	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9453	Fungi
esv_5002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_5003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella sp 
esv_5006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_5004	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_5906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_5008	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Aporpiaceae	Elmerina	Elmerina dimidiata 
esv_5009	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15821	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea sp 
esv_9457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Camillea	Camillea tinctor 
esv_9456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys divergens 
esv_16859	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10724	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_10722	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10723	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_10721	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10728	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sedecimiella	Sedecimiella taiwanensis 
esv_17092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_1078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5904	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_15827	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_11935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Leptospora	Leptospora rubella 
esv_17186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1499	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_1494	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_1490	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae
esv_2527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_16253	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11936	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
esv_6205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6207	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_6201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_6200	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_6202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_6209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6208	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium thailandicum 
esv_1272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_1275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum sp 
esv_1274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1277	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_1276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae
esv_1278	Fungi
esv_17512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium coccotrypicola 
esv_10233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_10235	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium iranianum 
esv_13459	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sphaerospermum 
esv_14427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium curvulum 
esv_13455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13454	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13457	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13456	Fungi
esv_13451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_16173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_13452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_14681	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Pseudorobillarda	Pseudorobillarda sojae 
esv_15828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Phaeoisaria	Phaeoisaria clematidis 
esv_9953	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16391	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16393	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16651	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16394	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Buckleyzymaceae	Buckleyzyma	Buckleyzyma aurantiaca 
esv_16399	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus sp 
esv_10897	Fungi
esv_8130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15900	Fungi
esv_3905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia nigricans 
esv_8779	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula mucilaginosa 
esv_16547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium
esv_7156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7154	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_7152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces	Derxomyces boekhoutii 
esv_7153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum gloeosporioides 
esv_7150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
esv_7151	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8649	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8136	Fungi
esv_8319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella sepelibilis 
esv_8318	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7158	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7159	Fungi
esv_9994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9996	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Ruineniaceae	Ruinenia	Ruinenia pyrrosiae 
esv_9990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_9991	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_9993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15902	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_16768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_7339	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae	Gigaspora	Gigaspora margarita 
esv_7332	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7333	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
esv_7331	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_7334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_10892	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15852	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_5298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15857	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_15854	Fungi
esv_15859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_15858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_5793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5790	Fungi
esv_5797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5795	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5798	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10893	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis sp 
esv_193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_191	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladiella	Cylindrocladiella lageniformis 
esv_197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria
esv_194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon haematostroma 
esv_5292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales
esv_198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma podzolica 
esv_199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Phaeoisaria	Phaeoisaria clematidis 
esv_14961	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17773	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15906	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium sp 
esv_778	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_779	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium
esv_774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma cynaroidis 
esv_775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_773	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Curvularia protuberata 
esv_771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_8867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_8866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_4158	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis neophlyctidospora 
esv_8863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Diatrype	Diatrype palmicola 
esv_8860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_4153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4150	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_4157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_4156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_4155	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Campylospora	Campylospora parvula 
esv_9199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon griseobrunneum 
esv_9197	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_9192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Triplosphaeria
esv_9193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14964	Fungi
esv_3193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Eremomycetaceae
esv_15147	Fungi
esv_15146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Ramichloridium	Ramichloridium luteum 
esv_12156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta polymorpha 
esv_15149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_14966	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11918	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11919	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11916	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_11914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea sp 
esv_11912	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11913	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14430	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14431	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum pectinatum 
esv_4545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_4546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae
esv_4547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_4540	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4541	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella sp 
esv_4542	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10533	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10530	Fungi
esv_16948	Fungi
esv_10536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_10535	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10534	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_9731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9733	Fungi
esv_9734	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16942	Fungi
esv_16943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_11620	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Yueomyces	Yueomyces sinensis 
esv_11622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_11624	Fungi
esv_11626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_11627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_11628	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11629	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_17458	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6039	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_7935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_7937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pleurotaceae
esv_7930	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_7931	Fungi
esv_7932	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Xepicula	Xepicula jollymannii 
esv_14732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3513	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6030	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1689	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3511	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3516	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14736	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_1684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gliocephalotrichum	Gliocephalotrichum microchlamydosporum 
esv_3517	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_14087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_17163	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae
esv_17162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Colacogloea
esv_17165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10399	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_10398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae
esv_17169	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10396	Fungi
esv_10395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3043	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Curvularia nicotiae 
esv_10392	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10391	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5949	Fungi
esv_5948	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus	Coprinellus canistri 
esv_5946	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae
esv_5944	Fungi
esv_2263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_5942	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_5940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13842	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13843	Fungi
esv_13840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13841	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13846	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13847	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13844	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13849	Fungi
esv_5317	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium	Tolypocladium inegoense 
esv_17705	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_17707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_5315	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17701	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae
esv_2472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17709	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17708	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2473	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Phialemoniopsis	Phialemoniopsis ocularis 
esv_2082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_2080	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae	Vonarxia	Vonarxia vagans 
esv_2085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2084	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_2088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Pseudocercospora	Pseudocercospora rhabdothamni 
esv_1305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_943	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_942	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
esv_945	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Torulaceae	Torula	Torula herbarum 
esv_947	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_946	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella cucumerina 
esv_948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chloridium	Chloridium sp 
esv_1307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium sp 
esv_4093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_1653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Incertae_sedis	Mingxiaea	Mingxiaea siamensis 
esv_6746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_14505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2888	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1651	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2883	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria
esv_2881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Nigrograna	Nigrograna sp 
esv_2880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_2884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Thyridariaceae	Roussoella	Roussoella solani 
esv_6742	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10433	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15825	Fungi
esv_10430	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6410	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_6411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_6412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6414	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_3689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_3686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3139	Fungi
esv_3684	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_3685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Lipomycetaceae	Lipomyces
esv_15627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium schulzeri 
esv_14809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp 
esv_3680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_8100	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8101	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8102	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae
esv_8103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_10434	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema sp 
esv_8108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8109	Fungi
esv_15442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_8452	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_15446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_4306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium
esv_4307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_4305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus	Clitopilus sp 
esv_4302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_4300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_4301	Fungi
esv_3999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13666	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma
esv_9854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Nectriopsis	Nectriopsis rexiana 
esv_9856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13662	Fungi
esv_13663	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_9852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17428	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9859	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9858	Fungi
esv_13668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13669	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_3355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_3356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_3357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_3350	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_3351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_15621	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12822	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12396	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus ranarum 
esv_3358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae	Teichospora	Teichospora thailandica 
esv_3359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12825	Fungi
esv_12824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_7455	Fungi
esv_7454	Fungi
esv_15628	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_15624	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13795	Fungi
esv_15620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Coniophoraceae	Coniophora	Coniophora olivacea 
esv_10658	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma subtenuicystidiatum 
esv_7458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17608	Fungi
esv_7292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
esv_562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Latorua	Latorua caligans 
esv_561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nematophilum 
esv_565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_564	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_569	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Schizothyriaceae	Zygophiala	Zygophiala cryptogama 
esv_17354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Ruineniaceae	Ruinenia
esv_15869	Fungi
esv_17355	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6722	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Inonotus
esv_17352	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17353	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9503	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_9501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae
esv_9506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_9505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9504	Fungi
esv_9509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae	Neodevriesia	Neodevriesia poagena 
esv_12539	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_14886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12531	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_11811	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12532	Fungi
esv_12535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum 
esv_12534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_7563	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12536	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_14551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Brycekendrickomyces	Brycekendrickomyces acaciae 
esv_14881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17522	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Simocybe	Simocybe sumptuosa 
esv_14802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5169	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_5165	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_5167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5166	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5160	Fungi	Mortierellomycota
esv_5163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Pichiaceae	Pichia	Pichia terricola 
esv_5162	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum viniferum 
esv_384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora cyclaminis 
esv_383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis sp 
esv_381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_380	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis pachyderma 
esv_17950	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_17953	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17955	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
esv_17957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_17958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10972	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9425	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_14800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Muscodor
esv_17408	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16101	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14920	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Ruineniaceae	Ruinenia	Ruinenia pyrrosiae 
esv_8929	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14787	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15860	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10977	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella horticola 
esv_15949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Hypholoma	Hypholoma fasciculare 
esv_4935	Fungi
esv_16983	Fungi
esv_1035	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16985	Fungi
esv_4953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_4952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Dendryphiella	Dendryphiella paravinosa 
esv_4482	Fungi
esv_4485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4956	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Staphylotrichum	Staphylotrichum coccosporum 
esv_4486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4489	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Morosphaeriaceae	Acrocalymma	Acrocalymma walkeri 
esv_1479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus sp 
esv_4958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae
esv_11086	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Seiridium
esv_14378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma
esv_11087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana	Strelitziana africana 
esv_10975	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_11080	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_14372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14374	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_14376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9772	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Rachicladosporium	Rachicladosporium sp 
esv_9773	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae	Teichospora
esv_1216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
esv_1215	Fungi
esv_1214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia collo-cygni 
esv_1213	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_16403	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_10257	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17574	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_17575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Daldinia	Daldinia loculata 
esv_10253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Zasmidium	Zasmidium syzygii 
esv_1219	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_16153	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13472	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13471	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13470	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_13476	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13475	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13474	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16629	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9778	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13479	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_5645	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6089	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6083	Fungi
esv_6082	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_6081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6080	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15944	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17679	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_17338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8923	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17316	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8668	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10878	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_10879	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_7134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7136	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8662	Fungi	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
esv_7130	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7131	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7132	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4882	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2748	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina 
esv_2749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_2740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2741	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_16103	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae
esv_6622	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6625	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus velutinus 
esv_12702	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_12700	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_12701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_12706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12708	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_7682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7683	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7680	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae
esv_7686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_8597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_8596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_7688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_7689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Colacogloea	Colacogloea sp 
esv_8593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8592	Fungi
esv_8591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8590	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Debaryomyces
esv_6647	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3259	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_14958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Genolevuria	Genolevuria armeniaca 
esv_15943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_8522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_8523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma heimaeyensis 
esv_176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Apiotrichum	Apiotrichum domesticum 
esv_6646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Graphiaceae	Graphium	Graphium basitruncatum 
esv_171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_173	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_8521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15942	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_7428	Fungi
esv_14951	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora
esv_6373	Fungi
esv_6374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_8848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_710	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_713	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella sinensis 
esv_717	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Heterochaete	Heterochaete delicata 
esv_4170	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4173	Fungi
esv_4174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae
esv_4179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium
esv_4178	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis sp 
esv_2870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Daldinia	Daldinia starbaeckii 
esv_2303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_6643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_2877	Fungi
esv_2874	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2875	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe sp 
esv_8712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Xenasmatella	Xenasmatella ardosiaca 
esv_1428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_2654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Trichomonascaceae
esv_2655	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5803	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_15648	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_8715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_16524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
esv_4906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11390	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Valsaceae	Cytospora
esv_11393	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora	Acaulospora kentinensis 
esv_11426	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11395	Fungi
esv_11396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_11425	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_11399	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_11429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_11939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_4901	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_1043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_4561	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_1046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora sp 
esv_1044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia	Exidia truncata 
esv_1045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Bionectria	Bionectria setosa 
esv_1049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15640	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_7088	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_15317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_9718	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9719	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9717	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9714	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium
esv_9710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Triplosphaeria	Triplosphaeria sp 
esv_8717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
esv_12595	Fungi
esv_15312	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15661	Fungi
esv_11646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7423	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11641	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14160	Fungi
esv_7919	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_7912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus
esv_7913	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_8473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_7917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus
esv_7914	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9569	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_14164	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_14166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_14167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_16007	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Mycoleptodiscus	Mycoleptodiscus terrestris 
esv_17145	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_17143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17142	Fungi
esv_17141	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16008	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_16555	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Alboleptonia	Alboleptonia stylophora 
esv_17149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2247	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5966	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Eremomycetaceae	Arthrographis	Arthrographis sp 
esv_2536	Fungi
esv_5215	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13860	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2530	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13864	Fungi
esv_2248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13866	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13072	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6766	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Rhizophagus	Rhizophagus intraradices 
esv_10821	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
esv_10119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_10118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales
esv_17729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum
esv_17126	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8255	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10111	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_10113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_10115	Fungi
esv_10114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10117	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Cephalosporium	Cephalosporium sp 
esv_15791	Fungi
esv_14940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Fonsecaea
esv_5238	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14610	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis pachyderma 
esv_923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_920	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema nemorosus 
esv_926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria sp 
esv_925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_14770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_3456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_3433	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6152	Fungi
esv_2513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Absconditella	Absconditella rubra 
esv_13396	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_13394	Fungi
esv_10488	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_13390	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13391	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13399	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Coprinus	Coprinus annuloporus 
esv_3117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_6434	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_3112	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_6430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6431	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6438	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6439	Fungi
esv_8126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Lophodermium	Colpoma sp 
esv_8127	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_8125	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_8123	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
esv_8120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_8121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_4364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15427	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4366	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_4360	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4361	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4362	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4363	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13138	Fungi
esv_13139	Fungi
esv_13648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Mycoleptodiscus	Mycoleptodiscus sp 
esv_13649	Fungi
esv_13132	Fungi
esv_13133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_13130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13131	Fungi
esv_13136	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13134	Fungi
esv_13135	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3378	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3372	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3373	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_3371	Fungi
esv_3377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Edenia	Edenia gomezpompae 
esv_3375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Phyllostictaceae	Phyllosticta	Phyllosticta capitalensis 
esv_15394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_15395	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_15397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp 
esv_15390	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_1233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_15392	Fungi
esv_15393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria	Xylaria multiplex 
esv_15398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales
esv_15399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_9623	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Tremellodendropsidales
esv_1155	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_548	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
esv_546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella sp 
esv_541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis cordanae 
esv_540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Stephanonectria	Stephanonectria keithii 
esv_542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema pseudoalba 
esv_9529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9528	Fungi
esv_9521	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales
esv_9523	Fungi	Mortierellomycota
esv_9522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9525	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sp 
esv_3809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_3801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
esv_3802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylella	Dactylella arnaudii 
esv_15928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma sp 
esv_3804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_13673	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Sclerodermataceae	Scleroderma	Scleroderma sp 
esv_3806	Fungi
esv_3807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cercophora	Cercophora samala 
esv_10823	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_12515	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12514	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12513	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12512	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12511	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cryptococcaceae	Kwoniella	Kwoniella mangrovensis 
esv_14820	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Incertae_sedis	Gs11
esv_7479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_7478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_7474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae
esv_7477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_7476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7471	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_7473	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora	Acaulospora minuta 
esv_7472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe sp 
esv_11238	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_5181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cryptococcaceae	Kwoniella
esv_5187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Geminibasidiomycetes	Geminibasidiales	Geminibasidiaceae	Geminibasidium	Geminibasidium sp 
esv_5186	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae	Sphaceloma
esv_5184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5189	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5188	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_17936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Xenasmatella	Xenasmatella ardosiaca 
esv_17935	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces	Derxomyces boekhoutii 
esv_17932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_17930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_17931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15800	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17938	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17939	Fungi
esv_90	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_91	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_92	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium	Ceratobasidium ramicola 
esv_93	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_94	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_95	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella
esv_96	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria hemerocallidis 
esv_97	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum gloeosporioides 
esv_98	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp 
esv_99	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella siamensis 
esv_14825	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13069	Fungi
esv_11093	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11092	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Gs24
esv_11091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Septobasidiales	Septobasidiaceae	Septobasidium	Septobasidium sp 
esv_11096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Lecanorales	Thelephoraceae	Cladia	Thelephoraceae sp 
esv_11099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys	Stachybotrys sp 
esv_6985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_6983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14827	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Campylospora	Campylospora chaetocladia 
esv_11899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_11898	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11897	Fungi
esv_11896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_11894	Fungi
esv_1459	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4978	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium hasegawianum 
esv_4971	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1450	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
esv_1453	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_1452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema sp 
esv_1455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_1454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycopsidaceae	Saccharomycopsis	Saccharomycopsis vini 
esv_1456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1187	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1184	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp 
esv_1189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Morosphaeriaceae	Acrocalymma	Acrocalymma walkeri 
esv_6503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_15603	Fungi
esv_14601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_14600	Fungi
esv_14603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_14605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14604	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
esv_423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella cucumerina 
esv_14357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Lulworthiales	Lulworthiaceae	Moleospora	Moleospora sp 
esv_14356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14355	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14354	Fungi
esv_14353	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Pseudallescheria	Pseudallescheria angusta 
esv_1239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_1238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1989	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae
esv_1987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_1985	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora
esv_1231	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Paramycosphaerella	Paramycosphaerella intermedia 
esv_1232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_10274	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Diplodia
esv_10276	Fungi
esv_10277	Fungi
esv_10270	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8007	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_10272	Fungi
esv_10273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteus semibulbosus 
esv_10279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pleurotaceae
esv_16607	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium sp 
esv_16604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae
esv_351	Fungi
esv_16774	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus aureus 
esv_16608	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3584	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_3580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales
esv_3582	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_3589	Fungi
esv_6506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Arthrobotrys	Arthrobotrys superba 
esv_355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_16518	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2188	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_2189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_2181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_9201	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16541	Fungi
esv_10851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7110	Fungi
esv_7111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula mucilaginosa 
esv_7117	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_7115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_8607	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8605	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16767	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium
esv_8602	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8601	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8600	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_2982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_2980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_2986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_2987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_2984	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_2766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_2767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2762	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp 
esv_2761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_6601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6600	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_6602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15764	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_6604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_6607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema nemorosus 
esv_6609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_6608	Fungi
esv_12722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Bambusicolaceae	Palmiascoma	Palmiascoma gregariascomum 
esv_12723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Apiosporaceae	Arthrinium
esv_12725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12727	Fungi
esv_5558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9659	Fungi
esv_5559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_9658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Pseudallescheria	Pseudallescheria angusta 
esv_15767	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15946	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_157	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_155	Fungi
esv_152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophoma	Setophoma sp 
esv_153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema flavescens 
esv_150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_11832	Fungi
esv_158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum gloeosporioides 
esv_159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_489	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_12653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_480	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium
esv_482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_484	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_485	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_486	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Incertae_sedis	Hortaea	Hortaea werneckii 
esv_10951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium
esv_17524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_9950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylella	Dactylella intermedia 
esv_9956	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_9957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_9958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_732	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Ceratocystidaceae	Endoconidiophora
esv_739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_15989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8290	Fungi
esv_13707	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15981	Fungi
esv_13706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
esv_15984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_15987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_15986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Incertae_sedis	Peniophorella
esv_4117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria sp 
esv_4115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_4114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladiella	Cylindrocladiella lageniformis 
esv_4112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_4110	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4119	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_10825	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_14112	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15765	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Lichtheimiaceae	Circinella	Circinella angarensis 
esv_10824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_8630	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11971	Fungi
esv_15180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15183	Fungi
esv_8631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15185	Fungi
esv_15184	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15187	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15186	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15189	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8636	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3179	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_8266	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_11940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8261	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes
esv_8635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8293	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_8260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora potulentorum 
esv_14833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_14465	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7201	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8438	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Heterochaete	Heterochaete delicata 
esv_14464	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11947	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6450	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_6451	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella sp 
esv_1313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_14834	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16980	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
esv_16981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Annulohypoxylon	Annulohypoxylon nitens 
esv_16984	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11495	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16986	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Tubeufia	Tubeufia paludosa 
esv_5648	Fungi
esv_2771	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Ceriporia	Ceriporia lacerata 
esv_9771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8572	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2770	Fungi
esv_5640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Annulohypoxylon	Annulohypoxylon nitens 
esv_5641	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_5642	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5643	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2773	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5647	Fungi
esv_2772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp 
esv_11491	Fungi
esv_2775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria vermicularioides 
esv_11490	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium anisopliae 
esv_1311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
esv_14684	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Gonatophragmium	Gonatophragmium triuniae 
esv_14168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_13319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_1766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11400	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11401	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_11403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Phaffomycetaceae	Wickerhamomyces
esv_11404	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_11407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella mesenterica 
esv_8577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Fellomyces	Fellomyces mexicanus 
esv_15404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15534	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17129	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17128	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17125	Fungi
esv_17124	Fungi
esv_17127	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_17121	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium archidendri 
esv_17123	Fungi
esv_17122	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2519	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2518	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales	Paraglomeraceae	Paraglomus
esv_14686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_14646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Minimelanolocus	Minimelanolocus asiaticus 
esv_2511	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_5230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cyphobasidiales
esv_5233	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_2512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_5235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Junghuhnia	Junghuhnia collabens 
esv_2514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Trichomerium
esv_15535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_13808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_10015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13806	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_13807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus
esv_13805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia diffluens 
esv_13802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13800	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13801	Fungi
esv_11018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_11668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella schimae 
esv_11669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14298	Fungi
esv_14299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
esv_14296	Fungi
esv_11665	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11666	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_14292	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11661	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Meyerozyma
esv_10011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
esv_12972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Ramichloridium	Ramichloridium sp 
esv_10139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10138	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_10137	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_10135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_10132	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10131	Fungi	Paraglomeromycetes	Gs24
esv_10130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_11545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_12977	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11012	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12976	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11547	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_907	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_906	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_900	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Schizothyriaceae	Zygophiala	Zygophiala cryptogama 
esv_16471	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_11541	Fungi
esv_909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16473	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14063	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16474	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_11542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes
esv_13115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
esv_16476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis neophlyctidospora 
esv_10527	Fungi
esv_16477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_16478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Euteratosphaeria	Euteratosphaeria verrucosiafricana 
esv_13896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16298	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Phallales	Phallaceae	Phallus	Phallus rugulosus 
esv_15531	Fungi
esv_16295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16290	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16291	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16292	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae
esv_7603	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria myriocarpa 
esv_6458	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6455	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_3170	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3171	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_6452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_3173	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_15532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
esv_10944	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cyphobasidiales
esv_4342	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_4340	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium	Sarocladium strictum 
esv_4346	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora
esv_4347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium cavaraeanum 
esv_4344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4348	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_15409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria	Xylaria discolor 
esv_17263	Fungi
esv_13110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_13111	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebia	Phlebia tuberculata 
esv_13114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae
esv_10940	Fungi
esv_13116	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13117	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella	Phlebiella sp 
esv_13118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula graminis 
esv_13119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_10765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3390	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_3391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_3392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_3394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_3396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14204	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8690	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium	Myrothecium sp 
esv_14200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_8691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Pseudorobillarda
esv_14209	Fungi
esv_11281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
esv_8419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_8149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_8412	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales
esv_8413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8146	Fungi
esv_8140	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8141	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Curvibasidium	Curvibasidium cygneicollum 
esv_8143	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_9547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9545	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9544	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9543	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_9541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys sp 
esv_5433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Savoryellales	Savoryellaceae	Ascothailandia grenadoidea 
esv_5432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_5431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5436	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3829	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3826	Fungi
esv_3827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus lucknowensis 
esv_3824	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomeraceae_sp_4210
esv_3825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3823	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Pochonia	Pochonia sp 
esv_3821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae	Capnodium	Capnodium coffeae 
esv_12575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12574	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12577	Fungi
esv_12576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_12571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_12570	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12573	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12572	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_7785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Fibrodontia	Fibrodontia alba 
esv_7491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium polychromum 
esv_7490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Soloacrosporiella	Soloacrosporiella acaciae 
esv_7497	Fungi
esv_7496	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7495	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7494	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_7499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_7498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17257	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_14067	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15270	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16037	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17918	Fungi
esv_17919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_17914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae	Sporopachydermia
esv_17915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17916	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17910	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17911	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17912	Fungi
esv_17913	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15277	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8791	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_61	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces	Archaeorhizomyces sp 
esv_60	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9426	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_9422	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15275	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_69	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16413	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_68	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5773	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17083	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Fellomyces	Fellomyces sp 
esv_15660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes
esv_15274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Mariannaea	Mariannaea superimposita 
esv_15674	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae
esv_9429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales
esv_11871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chloridium	Chloridium sp 
esv_11870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
esv_11872	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11875	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
esv_11877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium
esv_11876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Junghuhnia	Junghuhnia collabens 
esv_11879	Fungi
esv_11878	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17381	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1439	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1436	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1435	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1434	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_1432	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_1430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys divergens 
esv_8795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
esv_17788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11513	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Acanthostigma	Acanthostigma scopulum 
esv_8794	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14335	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14334	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14625	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14624	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13506	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14332	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17383	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria grisea 
esv_2613	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14824	Fungi
esv_15664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_15278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_8796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium sp 
esv_16410	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_8799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Chaetocalathus	Chaetocalathus liliputianus 
esv_7819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Septobasidiales	Septobasidiaceae	Septobasidium	Septobasidium sp 
esv_2160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_2161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana	Strelitziana africana 
esv_2164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium	Pleurothecium recurvatum 
esv_2167	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae
esv_5395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Cora
esv_5392	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_5391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Sphaeropsis	Sphaeropsis citrigena 
esv_9945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium masseei 
esv_14688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2616	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17387	Fungi
esv_8624	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsis sp 
esv_10834	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora
esv_8626	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae	Cetraspora	Cetraspora sp 
esv_8621	Fungi
esv_8620	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10831	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8416	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
esv_8628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10838	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylella	Dactylella intermedia 
esv_2707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella	Volutella consors 
esv_16669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Valsariales	Valsariaceae	Valsaria	Valsaria insitiva 
esv_8414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_2703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16667	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Seiridium
esv_2708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum tropicicola 
esv_14683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6666	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6665	Fungi
esv_6664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6663	Fungi
esv_6662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema rubi 
esv_12748	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6660	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12747	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12744	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces subinflatus 
esv_12966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12964	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_7394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_7395	Fungi
esv_7397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7390	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_7392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
esv_7393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_2230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_2231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae
esv_5913	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17254	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Paramycosphaerella	Paramycosphaerella intermedia 
esv_133	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_134	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_135	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella intricans 
esv_137	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Lasiodiplodia	Lasiodiplodia theobromae 
esv_139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_2589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gliocladiopsis	Gliocladiopsis peggii 
esv_8081	Fungi
esv_5918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Leptospora	Leptospora rubella 
esv_8083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8082	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8085	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8084	Fungi
esv_8087	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2587	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_8088	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13568	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_4283	Fungi
esv_4282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13561	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13560	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia terricola 
esv_13562	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13565	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_4289	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium flavoviride 
esv_9974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Lipomycetaceae	Lipomyces	Lipomyces tetrasporus 
esv_9972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurotheciella	Pleurotheciella rivularia 
esv_9973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Mycotribulus	Mycotribulus mirabilis 
esv_9971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia sp 
esv_9978	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Rhinocladiella
esv_13504	Fungi
esv_12148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales
esv_4781	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_8881	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_7532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia sp 
esv_7533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7534	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7535	Fungi
esv_7536	Fungi
esv_4787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus
esv_14995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15210	Fungi
esv_15213	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15215	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4138	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15217	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Caliciaceae	Dirinaria	Dirinaria sp 
esv_4135	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Bulleribasidium	Bulleribasidium foliicola 
esv_4785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_4131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales
esv_4130	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4133	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Kamienskia	Kamienskia perpusilla 
esv_4132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_15413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15996	Fungi
esv_15997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma cynaroidis 
esv_12141	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_15995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12011	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium	Corticium sp 
esv_15075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_12758	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_9284	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_9287	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9281	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9282	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Pisolithaceae	Pisolithus	Pisolithus sp 
esv_9288	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9289	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16132	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16135	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium schulzeri 
esv_16134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16689	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16136	Fungi
esv_16089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_9029	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_9758	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16138	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9020	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9021	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_9750	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Hymenochaete	Hymenochaete ulmicola 
esv_9027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_5669	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5666	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5667	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Acrocalymma
esv_5663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium
esv_5660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora hymenocystis 
esv_12348	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8279	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3509	Fungi
esv_14193	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Brycekendrickomyces	Brycekendrickomyces acaciae 
esv_14720	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_3505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_14721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11468	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11466	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11467	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
esv_14105	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_3055	Fungi
esv_11460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_11461	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_8655	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_3054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_17107	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Kazachstania
esv_10336	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_10339	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10338	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae 
esv_10485	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_10484	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10483	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_3500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_2461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_2579	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Nigrograna	Nigrograna sp 
esv_2577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_2576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_2575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5254	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia nigricans 
esv_2573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2570	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12751	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13825	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13827	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_13822	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13823	Fungi
esv_2465	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11680	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae
esv_2467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_11684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_11685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_11688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Byssomerulius	Byssomerulius corium 
esv_2466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_8657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus
esv_10154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pleurotaceae	Pleurotus	Pleurotus djamor 
esv_10157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Liberomyces	Liberomyces saliciphilus 
esv_10151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium sp 
esv_10150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_10153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10152	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_10159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Euteratosphaeria	Euteratosphaeria verrucosiafricana 
esv_15883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_13096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13090	Fungi	Mortierellomycota
esv_1378	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Stephanonectria
esv_1371	Fungi
esv_1373	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_1374	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella cucumerina 
esv_1377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma	Hyphoderma nudicephalum 
esv_2399	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2398	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13694	Fungi
esv_15816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5873	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_2392	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2391	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_2396	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_13352	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13353	Fungi
esv_13350	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae
esv_13356	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Hypomyces	Hypomyces microspermus 
esv_13354	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_16275	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Fusicladium	Fusicladium africanum 
esv_13358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13359	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12329	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6472	Fungi
esv_3621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella phaeophysciae 
esv_3622	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_3624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_3625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3627	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_3629	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales
esv_6479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_16832	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12852	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Helicobasidiales	Helicobasidiaceae
esv_16833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Latorua	Latorua caligans 
esv_12853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_12850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16835	Fungi	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_12327	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor sp 
esv_16836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia sp 
esv_13681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_13682	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13684	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia shelburniensis 
esv_13686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_13687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_13176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12832	Fungi
esv_12341	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13175	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16412	Fungi
esv_12322	Fungi
esv_13170	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13171	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_11951	Fungi
esv_12323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13178	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_12889	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12888	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12885	Fungi
esv_12884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_12887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12886	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_12881	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella cucphuongensis 
esv_12883	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha sp 
esv_15287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp 
esv_13690	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_17363	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Genolevuria	Genolevuria amylolytica 
esv_15518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Stereaceae	Stereum	Stereum hirsutum 
esv_17360	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_10886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_12085	Fungi
esv_12084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12087	Fungi
esv_12086	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12081	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12083	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
esv_12089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium
esv_7702	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_7700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_8164	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae
esv_8168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_10889	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5419	Fungi
esv_9564	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_9566	Fungi
esv_9561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_5413	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5415	Fungi
esv_9568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_5416	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_3844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris
esv_3845	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3846	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_3840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_3842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea sp 
esv_3843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Dendryphiella	Dendryphiella paravinosa 
esv_12553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_10660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Simocybe	Simocybe sumptuosa 
esv_3848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia macrospinosa 
esv_12227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Wallemiomycetes	Wallemiales	Wallemiaceae	Wallemia	Wallemia muriae 
esv_12226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_15463	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14547	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Lectera	Lectera longa 
esv_8554	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_15688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_15686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
esv_15684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria
esv_15683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_15680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_15681	Fungi
esv_3515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14541	Fungi
esv_677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus
esv_676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_675	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Campylospora	Campylospora parvula 
esv_671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus
esv_670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea 
esv_679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Poaceascoma	Poaceascoma helicoides 
esv_678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17661	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8210	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes
esv_8350	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15028	Fungi
esv_8352	Fungi
esv_13650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_15022	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_15020	Fungi
esv_15021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_15026	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17543	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_11857	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11855	Fungi
esv_11854	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11853	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora
esv_11850	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Occultifur	Occultifur externus 
esv_11858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1415	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_1141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Corallomycetella	Corallomycetella repens 
esv_1411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp 
esv_4930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_4428	Fungi
esv_1419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_1418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11149	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14319	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14318	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14648	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11141	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11140	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_11142	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9765	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11146	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9768	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
esv_15254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2146	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2147	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_2145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Savoryellales	Savoryellaceae	Canalisporium	Canalisporium pallidum 
esv_2143	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_2148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2149	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Junghuhnia	Junghuhnia sp 
esv_6395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_6394	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales
esv_6392	Fungi
esv_6391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Valsariales	Valsariaceae	Valsaria	Valsaria insitiva 
esv_6390	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Coniophoraceae	Coniophora	Coniophora marmorata 
esv_6398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium schulzeri 
esv_17366	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectria	Nectria sp 
esv_17667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_10814	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10815	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10816	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10810	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_10812	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10813	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales	Olpidiaceae	Olpidium	Olpidium brassicae 
esv_2728	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2720	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_2726	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_2724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_2725	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces	Derxomyces hainanensis 
esv_16643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16642	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16641	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16640	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16647	Fungi
esv_16646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp 
esv_16645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Cordyceps
esv_16644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus
esv_16649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16648	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15251	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12765	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella	Phlebiella sp 
esv_12767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_12760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12946	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_12597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_12768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_17855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana
esv_9806	Fungi
esv_13287	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9807	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_13281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_4569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana	Strelitziana africana 
esv_118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium
esv_119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Sclerodermataceae	Scleroderma	Scleroderma sp 
esv_113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_110	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp 
esv_116	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria sp 
esv_8535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae	Geotrichum	Geotrichum europaeum 
esv_14949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_15642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Xenasmatella	Xenasmatella ardosiaca 
esv_6308	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17857	Fungi
esv_8537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria vermicularioides 
esv_8536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9918	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_13548	Fungi
esv_9914	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Inonotus
esv_13543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_13542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Coniothyriaceae	Coniothyrium	Coniothyrium sidae 
esv_9912	Fungi
esv_8530	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_6649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora livistonae 
esv_8533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_6305	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_6132	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Heterochaete	Heterochaete shearii 
esv_3457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6640	Fungi
esv_3455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_8209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2243	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_7519	Fungi
esv_7516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_3220	Fungi	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
esv_7515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_7513	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp 
esv_3221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Chlamydotubeufia	Chlamydotubeufia sp 
esv_15237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15233	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_1402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
esv_15231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurothecium	Pleurothecium recurvatum 
esv_15239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
esv_15238	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1190	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2864	Fungi
esv_2867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_7400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_17850	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_2645	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16953	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium sp 
esv_7404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_2646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17853	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
esv_1843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_1840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe
esv_4919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Calosphaeriales	Pleurostomataceae	Pleurostoma	Pleurostoma ootheca 
esv_4918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales
esv_15647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metapochonia	Metapochonia sp 
esv_1401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17852	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4917	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_1517	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Bacidina	Bacidina arnoldiana 
esv_14585	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15644	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_4912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4911	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_9009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9007	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_9005	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces diversus 
esv_9003	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_9001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5605	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae
esv_5606	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_5607	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_5600	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella sp 
esv_5603	Fungi
esv_15673	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis
esv_5608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_5609	Fungi
esv_15672	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17899	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17898	Fungi
esv_15671	Fungi
esv_17891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora
esv_17890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus	Coprinellus canistri 
esv_17893	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria
esv_17894	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17896	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14855	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1404	Fungi
esv_12455	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_14114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14117	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14116	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales
esv_14007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_16013	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14111	Fungi
esv_16010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_14110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11332	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11333	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11330	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_11336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_11337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8472	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_11448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_11449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Apiosporaceae	Arthrinium
esv_16017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Phallales	Clathraceae	Clathrus	Clathrus archeri 
esv_10317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sp 
esv_17476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Clitocybe	Clitocybe dryadicola 
esv_10315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10314	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_10313	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10312	Fungi
esv_10311	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16015	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17479	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10318	Fungi
esv_5275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16548	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_5271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Penidiella	Penidiella aggregata 
esv_5270	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2553	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum floriforme 
esv_2552	Fungi
esv_12459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_4898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Itersonilia	Itersonilia perplexans 
esv_4899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14447	Fungi
esv_17137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_4892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
esv_4896	Fungi
esv_4894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_4895	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14004	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula mucilaginosa 
esv_17131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Dichotomopilus
esv_12699	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14003	Fungi
esv_14780	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14627	Fungi
esv_14782	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_14786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14788	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Absconditella	Absconditella rubra 
esv_11084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
esv_1600	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_1601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella oryzae 
esv_1602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_1603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
esv_1358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_1359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1356	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1357	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_1354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_1355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella melonis 
esv_1353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_1351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2801	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma
esv_2807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_2806	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2804	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_5858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_2809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_2808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_13374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13375	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8477	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15434	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5244	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon
esv_16782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_16783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_16780	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5245	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14001	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_16788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16789	Fungi
esv_3606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_3602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_3601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales
esv_5240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Nemania	Nemania sp 
esv_3608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_3609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10178	Fungi
esv_17789	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_10172	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10171	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Simocybe	Simocybe sumptuosa 
esv_5243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium cyclothyrioides 
esv_10176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Helicoma	Helicoma morganii 
esv_10175	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10174	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13158	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Arthrobotrys	Arthrobotrys oudemansii 
esv_13154	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13155	Fungi
esv_13156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8137	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13150	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_13152	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16433	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16497	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum
esv_7721	Fungi
esv_7722	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_7727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Teichosporaceae
esv_11083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_3868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Corniculariella	Corniculariella sp 
esv_5477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_5476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_5475	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_5473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Torulaceae	Torula	Torula herbarum 
esv_5472	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3864	Fungi
esv_5470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_11227	Fungi
esv_12209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12205	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12204	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12203	Fungi
esv_12202	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_12200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_11223	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12855	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16540	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11319	Fungi
esv_11228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Spegazzinia	Spegazzinia sp 
esv_16868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_653	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_654	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_656	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_658	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_304	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
esv_301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_4078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Latorua	Latorua caligans 
esv_4079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_16675	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17528	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4072	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Tremellodendropsidales
esv_4074	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4075	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae	Ceramothyrium	Ceramothyrium podocarpi 
esv_15571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6920	Fungi
esv_6921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_6922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Geosmithia	Geosmithia sp 
esv_6923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella fusca 
esv_6924	Fungi
esv_6925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
esv_6926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia nigricans 
esv_6927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_6928	Fungi
esv_6929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_15000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15001	Fungi
esv_15002	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_15004	Fungi
esv_15005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_15006	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15007	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11788	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15573	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11838	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia
esv_11782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_11780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_11787	Fungi
esv_11786	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_11785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_11784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe infecunda 
esv_1169	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_1168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Trichomerium
esv_1161	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium cyclothyrioides 
esv_4403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Mycoleptodiscus	Mycoleptodiscus terrestris 
esv_1162	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4405	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium
esv_4406	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria pseudopeziza 
esv_38	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_39	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_36	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Athelia	Athelia rolfsii 
esv_37	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_34	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_35	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
esv_32	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_33	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_30	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_31	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora
esv_14663	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_14660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11167	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14668	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11163	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2101	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_14126	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp 
esv_1297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_1296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Peltigerales	Lobariaceae	Pseudocyphellaria	Pseudocyphellaria biliana 
esv_1295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_1293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1292	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1291	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10784	Fungi
esv_10785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Occultifur	Occultifur externus 
esv_10786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_10782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_10783	Fungi
esv_2106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10789	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_14443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14120	Fungi	Blastocladiomycota	Blastocladiomycetes	Blastocladiales
esv_2128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Gonatophragmium	Gonatophragmium triuniae 
esv_2129	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Auriscalpiaceae	Gloeodontia	Gloeodontia eriobotryae 
esv_2104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium charticola 
esv_2124	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_2126	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2127	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Phaeoisaria
esv_1839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_1838	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium
esv_1833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1831	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_1835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Peltigerales	Lobariaceae	Sticta
esv_17312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_5396	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17310	Fungi
esv_17311	Fungi
esv_15982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_17317	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17314	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17315	Fungi
esv_17648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_17649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_17318	Fungi
esv_17319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_14123	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_884	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_887	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema
esv_882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_11225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_17505	Fungi
esv_5868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Sporothrix
esv_3918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12920	Fungi
esv_2389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea compacta 
esv_15222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_12928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_12929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia nigricans 
esv_14766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11226	Fungi
esv_17504	Fungi
esv_3915	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3041	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_5860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_3299	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3295	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3294	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_3296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_17503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia sp 
esv_3290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3293	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3292	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_2384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5865	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4243	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_4242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_4241	Fungi
esv_4240	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_4247	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4245	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales
esv_4249	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_9932	Fungi
esv_13524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium sp 
esv_9931	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
esv_9937	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13523	Fungi
esv_13522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_9939	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14042	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_6111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3470	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_6112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Phallales	Phallaceae	Phallus	Phallus rugulosus 
esv_6114	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_3476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Schizothyriaceae	Zygophiala	Zygophiala cryptogama 
esv_3479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia fuscosuccinea 
esv_3478	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_7574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
esv_8223	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7577	Fungi
esv_7570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales
esv_8227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_8226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_8228	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14142	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Thyronectria	Thyronectria caudata 
esv_7578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Gliomastix	Gliomastix sp 
esv_7579	Fungi
esv_15253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15252	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_8046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae
esv_14143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_8292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Stenella	Stenella musicola 
esv_466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Pochonia	Pochonia sp 
esv_462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Stephanonectria
esv_463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sphaerospermum 
esv_460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_461	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Tarzetta	Tarzetta catinus 
esv_469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_10837	Fungi
esv_9240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Phallales	Phallaceae	Lysurus	Lysurus cruciatus 
esv_8298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
esv_9242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_9243	Fungi
esv_9245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_9246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9248	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9249	Fungi
esv_10833	Fungi
esv_5594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Ruineniaceae	Ruinenia	Ruinenia pyrrosiae 
esv_10830	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Incertae_sedis	Candida	Candida chrysomelidarum 
esv_15199	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11950	Fungi
esv_790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella sp 
esv_6447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria sp 
esv_793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
esv_796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_798	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14477	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_6444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11954	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11955	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Fellomyces	Fellomyces mexicanus 
esv_6442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
esv_9065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_5628	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9060	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_9791	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5623	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_5620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae
esv_5621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrype	Diatrype palmicola 
esv_5627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_5624	Fungi
esv_9799	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica 
esv_14044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
esv_11342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_14144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_16668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum
esv_7992	Fungi
esv_1752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella schimae 
esv_7990	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora fusarioides 
esv_7996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_7997	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_7998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_7999	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon griseobrunneum 
esv_1751	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina sp 
esv_1757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus bertholletiae 
esv_11318	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_11229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16545	Fungi
esv_1026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales
esv_11312	Fungi
esv_1755	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_11315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11316	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1028	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16863	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8162	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_17508	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16750	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12968	Fungi
esv_16177	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12749	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_4870	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4871	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4872	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_4877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Thelonectria
esv_4878	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_4879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_12961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Gyrothrix	Gyrothrix verticiclada 
esv_14079	Fungi
esv_14280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_2659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11556	Fungi
esv_11557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala opportunistica 
esv_14567	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Corynascella	Corynascella humicola 
esv_13697	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_14075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Triplosphaeria
esv_15232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales
esv_13164	Fungi
esv_11552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon
esv_13988	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13695	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11553	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_1334	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium
esv_1336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Xenocamarosporium	Xenocamarosporium acaciae 
esv_1330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera larvarum 
esv_1333	Fungi
esv_10375	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales
esv_10374	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_10376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
esv_10371	Fungi
esv_1339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_1628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Lasiodiplodia	Lasiodiplodia gonubiensis 
esv_1629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_5837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_5836	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita sp 
esv_5834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Muscodor	Muscodor suthepensis 
esv_5832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae
esv_13318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5830	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13317	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13314	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia nigricans 
esv_13315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales	Hysteriaceae	Rhytidhysteron	Rhytidhysteron rufulum 
esv_13312	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_13313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5838	Fungi	Mortierellomycota
esv_16400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_8020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Mycoleptodiscus	Mycoleptodiscus sp 
esv_14509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
esv_3668	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_3669	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3665	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_3667	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_3660	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_3662	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3663	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon
esv_10758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10191	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_10193	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10194	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10197	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10196	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_10978	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_8026	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12494	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_10991	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10990	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_10993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula kratochvilovae 
esv_10995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
esv_10994	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2820	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium
esv_2822	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes
esv_2827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Caliciaceae	Dirinaria	Dirinaria sp 
esv_14213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_3081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Neofusicoccum
esv_6562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
esv_3086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_6567	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_12040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium hasegawianum 
esv_12043	Fungi
esv_12042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae
esv_14026	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_12046	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora
esv_12049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Sclerostagonospora	Sclerostagonospora opuntiae 
esv_12048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys divergens 
esv_7748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Cryptodiscus	Cryptodiscus sp 
esv_7746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales
esv_7745	Fungi
esv_7744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7743	Fungi
esv_7742	Fungi
esv_7741	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_5249	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon ochraceum 
esv_3881	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_5456	Fungi
esv_3884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae
esv_5450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae
esv_5453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_5452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3889	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_5458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_12265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_12264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
esv_12261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Apiosporaceae
esv_12260	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12262	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae
esv_12269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodosporidiobolus	Rhodosporidiobolus poonsookiae 
esv_12268	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_12598	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_10526	Fungi
esv_10686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis neophlyctidospora 
esv_10681	Fungi
esv_329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Nectriopsis	Nectriopsis rexiana 
esv_328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium thailandense 
esv_10683	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Sclerodermataceae	Scleroderma	Scleroderma albidum 
esv_320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_634	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Bulleribasidium	Bulleribasidium foliicola 
esv_4058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_4056	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4050	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4051	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16893	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15457	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1882	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6904	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6900	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6901	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
esv_16791	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15456	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6908	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_15066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae
esv_15064	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia	Exidia truncata 
esv_15063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_15060	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15061	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_1883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Simocybe	Simocybe sumptuosa 
esv_5247	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Trichosporon	Trichosporon coremiiforme 
esv_15069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria myriocarpa 
esv_13652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_55	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_56	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14900	Fungi
esv_11761	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11812	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11763	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_57	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11764	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11767	Fungi
esv_11766	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae
esv_11769	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_50	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_11819	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8086	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_51	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora cyclaminis 
esv_9439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae	Taphrina
esv_4469	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Septoria
esv_1107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
esv_4466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_5764	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_1103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_1102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema rubi 
esv_4461	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae
esv_4460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9473	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9477	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_9476	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae	Geotrichum	Geotrichum cucujoidarum 
esv_18	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_19	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium
esv_16470	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella oratosquillae 
esv_12	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_14	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae
esv_15	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella intricans 
esv_16	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_17	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_11105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis
esv_11104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Colacogloea	Colacogloea falcata 
esv_11107	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Curvibasidium	Curvibasidium cygneicollum 
esv_11100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
esv_11103	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11102	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_11109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15452	Fungi
esv_11544	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16754	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16895	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16589	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16081	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16080	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16083	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae	Rutstroemia	Rutstroemia firma 
esv_16082	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13655	Fungi
esv_16085	Fungi
esv_16084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8021	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_16087	Fungi
esv_13566	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_2103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_5332	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_2456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_2457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
esv_5339	Fungi
esv_2108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Ascochyta	Ascochyta medicaginicola 
esv_8409	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1811	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_1810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium	Sarocladium bacillisporum 
esv_1812	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus magnus 
esv_1815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Pochonia	Pochonia sp 
esv_1814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1816	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1819	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17331	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_8158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Incertae_sedis	Candida	Fungi sp 
esv_17334	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Xenasmatella	Xenasmatella ardosiaca 
esv_17336	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17626	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8157	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_17624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_17625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Thermoascaceae
esv_17622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17623	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_17628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16899	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8306	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
esv_8401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum taiwanense 
esv_8400	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14692	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_8403	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14693	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8402	Fungi
esv_8307	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14696	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3558	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8787	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon
esv_14694	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_14302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Melanosporales
esv_9577	Fungi
esv_17521	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
esv_2223	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5902	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_6352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae	Dipodascaceae_sp_14566
esv_3271	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6350	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Diversisporaceae
esv_3277	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3276	Fungi	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_6354	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3278	Fungi
esv_8883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_17520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Mycoacia	Mycoacia sp 
esv_2594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria	Tetraplosphaeria yakushimensis 
esv_4269	Fungi
esv_7085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_7086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Auriscalpiaceae	Gloeodontia	Gloeodontia eriobotryae 
esv_7087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_7080	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella intricans 
esv_8025	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Absconditella	Absconditella rubra 
esv_4263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2596	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_4265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Strelitziana
esv_4264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_8884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae
esv_15551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_1240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophoma	Setophoma sp 
esv_13509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13508	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora livistonae 
esv_13050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Valsaceae	Cytospora
esv_13053	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Zasmidium	Zasmidium syzygii 
esv_13055	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13057	Fungi
esv_4798	Fungi
esv_6688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_2228	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_6681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_6683	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6682	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_5404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6177	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_3415	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12908	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_3410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12904	Fungi
esv_3835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12906	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pleurotaceae
esv_1935	Fungi
esv_12900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum
esv_4797	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales	Basidiobolaceae	Basidiobolus	Basidiobolus ranarum 
esv_6179	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_6178	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_15272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala opportunistica 
esv_8245	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Alloconiothyrium	Alloconiothyrium aptrootii 
esv_3837	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4199	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia strelitziicola 
esv_4197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium acutatum 
esv_4196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_4195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales	Hysteriaceae	Rhytidhysteron	Rhytidhysteron rufulum 
esv_4193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium dominicanum 
esv_4192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Incertae_sedis	Pseudorobillarda	Pseudorobillarda eucalypti 
esv_4191	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_4190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
esv_16719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_4793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15218	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17525	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_10449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14223	Fungi
esv_16727	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_403	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_404	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_407	Fungi
esv_408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_15555	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Colacogloea	Colacogloea sp 
esv_12564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Myriangiaceae	Myriangium	Myriangium sp 
esv_9266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema rubi 
esv_9265	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9262	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9260	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9261	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14102	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_9268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium domesticum 
esv_9269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12678	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12672	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11991	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12670	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_16721	Fungi
esv_12676	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria
esv_12674	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_12675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_12610	Fungi
esv_7229	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_16121	Fungi
esv_7552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae 
esv_7221	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7222	Fungi
esv_7223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_7224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_7225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7227	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10832	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9049	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16124	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_9045	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16864	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17740	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16128	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_12612	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17747	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14226	Fungi
esv_15698	Fungi
esv_6582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_14068	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Asteromella	Asteromella pistaciarum 
esv_3061	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys divergens 
esv_11378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
esv_11379	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora decipiens 
esv_11374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_11375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp 
esv_11372	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11373	Fungi
esv_11370	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11371	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14224	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6588	Fungi
esv_2419	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita sp 
esv_15212	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_10974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
esv_12845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Genolevuria	Genolevuria amylolytica 
esv_4856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4857	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4855	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4853	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_4851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Asteromella	Asteromella pistaciarum 
esv_14064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4859	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10418	Fungi
esv_15214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_16742	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10419	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales	Hysteriaceae	Rhytidhysteron	Rhytidhysteron thailandicum 
esv_6306	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_1676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces stollii 
esv_985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_11590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_986	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_982	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium	Simplicillium lamellicola 
esv_1648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria tenuipes 
esv_1649	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_1644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Meyerozyma
esv_1646	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala sp 
esv_1640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_1642	Fungi
esv_1643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_10352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10350	Fungi
esv_10357	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium
esv_10354	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16816	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16817	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_16814	Fungi
esv_16815	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_13335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_13992	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13337	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_13332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
esv_13333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_10414	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
esv_13338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13339	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3641	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
esv_3646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_3647	Fungi
esv_3644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_3645	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_14529	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_3649	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_12981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Incertae_sedis	Peniophorella
esv_16741	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14392	Fungi
esv_12557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia
esv_2207	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14310	Fungi
esv_14390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Incertae_sedis	Vermispora	Vermispora fusarina 
esv_12865	Fungi
esv_16746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_16840	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_12864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2670	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_17604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_10839	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_13991	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16411	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16747	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17299	Fungi
esv_17298	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_17297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17295	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17293	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae
esv_17291	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14062	Fungi
esv_2669	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Genolevuria	Genolevuria amylolytica 
esv_5818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora laciniata 
esv_2849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_2847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria vermicularioides 
esv_2846	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria sp 
esv_5816	Fungi
esv_2843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_2666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5813	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina
esv_12554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_2672	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10895	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_6547	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6544	Fungi
esv_6545	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6542	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys	Stachybotrys sp 
esv_6540	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_12067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_12066	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Coriolaceae
esv_12065	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Campylocarpon	Campylocarpon pseudofasciculare 
esv_16745	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10890	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_12068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Bacidina	Bacidina arnoldiana 
esv_7765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
esv_7764	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17607	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7766	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_7761	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8497	Fungi
esv_7763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Seiridium
esv_7762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae
esv_8498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_8499	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_10973	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_13191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_13195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_13196	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_12242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_12241	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_12247	Fungi
esv_12246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12245	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12244	Fungi
esv_16365	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17601	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Minimelanolocus	Minimelanolocus asiaticus 
esv_17728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_14071	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17384	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16748	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_617	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
esv_610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys miodochialis 
esv_612	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys
esv_618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
esv_17994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17995	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17996	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_17997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17990	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17991	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17992	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_17603	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17999	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
esv_15597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_4036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_4037	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_4032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
esv_4033	Fungi
esv_4038	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_4039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_15599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_16623	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_6969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6964	Fungi
esv_6965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium	Simplicillium sp 
esv_6966	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_6967	Fungi
esv_6960	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_6961	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_15738	Fungi
esv_15739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15049	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15314	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8325	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_15044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15733	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_15047	Fungi
esv_15040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Collarina	Collarina aurantiaca 
esv_8326	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15042	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_1444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_8321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_15315	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16625	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17404	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_11297	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7850	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
esv_11291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_11293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales
esv_11292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14405	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11748	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4445	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium sp 
esv_4447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1126	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_4441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurotheciella	Pleurotheciella rivularia 
esv_4440	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium	Simplicillium sp 
esv_4442	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella intricans 
esv_1128	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_72	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_73	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella oratosquillae 
esv_70	Fungi
esv_71	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_76	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella zeae 
esv_77	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_74	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_75	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9458	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_78	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella
esv_79	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_16627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_254	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9755	Fungi
esv_257	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium	Tolypocladium inegoense 
esv_251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon monticulosum 
esv_250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16626	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17403	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_15311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_15472	Fungi
esv_17400	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Chaetospermum	Chaetospermum camelliae 
esv_1780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1783	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_1784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
esv_1787	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_17401	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe sp 
esv_17726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella distylii 
esv_16011	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Incertae_sedis	Gs11
esv_17386	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2476	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2477	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_2474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_2475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Apiotrichum	Apiotrichum scarabaeorum 
esv_5312	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5313	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5310	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5311	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_2478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp 
esv_2479	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11129	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
esv_11123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
esv_11122	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11121	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Hyphodontia	Hyphodontia subdetritica 
esv_11120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_11126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_11125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales
esv_11124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium cyclothyrioides 
esv_1876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_1875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Gymnoascaceae
esv_1874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium archidendri 
esv_1873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani 
esv_14909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_1871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_1870	Fungi
esv_10652	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_10651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_10657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_1879	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Scolecobasidium	Scolecobasidium constrictum 
esv_2788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_2789	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2784	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2785	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Apiotrichum	Apiotrichum gracile 
esv_2780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris
esv_2781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_2782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Sirobasidiaceae	Sirobasidium	Sirobasidium magnum 
esv_2783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17615	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor nidicola 
esv_16710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_14169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_13623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Phaeoisaria
esv_17565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_5227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_13627	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_13299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_13298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium	Simplicillium sp 
esv_13624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae	Endocarpon	Endocarpon pusillum 
esv_13292	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13291	Fungi
esv_13290	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13297	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16876	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13294	Fungi
esv_6379	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_15809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_3250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_14952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_6375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3254	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_3787	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3785	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_3784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_3783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales
esv_3781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_16877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_13674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_3789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_4205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Neodevriesiaceae
esv_4203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_4202	Fungi
esv_4201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Sarcopodium	Sarcopodium circinosetiferum 
esv_4200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_16001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6762	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_16003	Fungi
esv_16002	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
esv_16005	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_13079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella	Kockovaella vietnamensis 
esv_6763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13077	Fungi
esv_13076	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_13074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
esv_13073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6760	Fungi
esv_13071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13070	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6761	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_6155	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Bannoa	Bannoa hahajimensis 
esv_6157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_6156	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3431	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_14977	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6764	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3236	Fungi
esv_14975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_15927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_15926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_15925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria parmeliae 
esv_3234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_15923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_15920	Fungi
esv_3233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera larvarum 
esv_7419	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15929	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3232	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
esv_7418	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_3230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2326	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia
esv_16504	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17563	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8009	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp 
esv_428	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_429	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7412	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium hasegawianum 
esv_420	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium
esv_427	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma
esv_424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_2323	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_7410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_9208	Fungi
esv_2320	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma podzolica 
esv_9204	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia macrospinosa 
esv_2321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myxospora	Myxospora crassiseta 
esv_9200	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_4920	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium
esv_5550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_3929	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5553	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_5554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Incertae_sedis	Uncispora	Uncispora sinensis 
esv_5555	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_5557	Fungi
esv_3923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium colombiense 
esv_3922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_3921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Incertae_sedis	Mingxiaea
esv_3920	Fungi
esv_1857	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_3924	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12650	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
esv_12652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_1500	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_12654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Symmetrosporaceae	Symmetrospora	Symmetrospora vermiculata 
esv_4924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_12657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema sp 
esv_12658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_1851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_1405	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
esv_15662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_1506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Lecanicillium kalimantanense 
esv_4438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_1505	Fungi
esv_7209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_7207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales
esv_7205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_7202	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4928	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_3573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium	Erythrobasidium hasegawianum 
esv_16507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_15666	Fungi
esv_15667	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16322	Fungi
esv_14674	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4427	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_288	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_286	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
esv_287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Incertae_sedis	Asteromella	Asteromella pistaciarum 
esv_285	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_280	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Incertae_sedis	Mingxiaea	Mingxiaea siamensis 
esv_281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Apiotrichum	Apiotrichum dehoogii 
esv_16501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_4426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_11469	Fungi
esv_12010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Beltraniaceae
esv_14107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Torulaceae	Torula	Torula hollandica 
esv_4425	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16982	Fungi
esv_14104	Fungi
esv_11354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_11355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8919	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11357	Fungi
esv_11350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_11351	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_11352	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_11353	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_8911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_8910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8917	Fungi
esv_16025	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8915	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_8914	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae
esv_14100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16503	Fungi
esv_4424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces
esv_14101	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_16709	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_10330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Buckleyzymaceae	Buckleyzyma
esv_16020	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
esv_17100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
esv_14670	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14622	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17454	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_4789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia sp 
esv_4838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
esv_4839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae 
esv_4834	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4783	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora
esv_4837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_4786	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4831	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4833	Fungi
esv_10487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia
esv_10857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_16028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Petriella	Petriella setifera 
esv_16829	Fungi
esv_17109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_14415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_15890	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14090	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14091	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14092	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_14094	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella sp 
esv_14096	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
esv_14098	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14099	Fungi
esv_14728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales
esv_10480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
esv_1662	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_1663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_1660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_1661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_1667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_1664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma heimaeyensis 
esv_1665	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_14205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_10407	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_16831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia epidermidis 
esv_10405	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10404	Fungi
esv_10403	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10402	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia	Devriesia sp 
esv_10400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_16838	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16839	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14898	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14899	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinellus
esv_14891	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylella	Dactylella leptospora 
esv_2578	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
esv_1608	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_14546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae
esv_14544	Fungi
esv_14545	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_14543	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14540	Fungi
esv_5256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
esv_5255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14548	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_7848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria sp 
esv_7849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
esv_2574	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7840	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5253	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7844	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Incertae_sedis	Minimedusa
esv_7846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5251	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
esv_5250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales
esv_13824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora decipiens 
esv_13809	Fungi
esv_16324	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp 
esv_2312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2643	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis sp 
esv_2861	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2647	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Endogonomycetes	Endogonales
esv_2314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_2649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_2648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sarocladium	Sarocladium bacillisporum 
esv_2318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_2869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_2868	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
esv_6524	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
esv_6522	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6523	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_12007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_12006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_6529	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_12002	Fungi
esv_17019	Fungi
esv_17018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_15575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17011	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17010	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17013	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_17012	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17015	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_17014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae
esv_17017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium fungicola 
esv_17468	Fungi
esv_16498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Incertae_sedis	Conlarium	Conlarium sp 
esv_16499	Fungi
esv_11686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_16494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16495	Fungi
esv_16492	Fungi
esv_16493	Fungi
esv_16490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_11687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16165	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17469	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_2222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_11689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_15815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_17348	Fungi
esv_369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Stephanonectria	Stephanonectria keithii 
esv_364	Fungi
esv_367	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_366	Fungi
esv_361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_360	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema flavescens 
esv_363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
esv_362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis
esv_4018	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_4012	Fungi
esv_4013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_4016	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4017	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_4014	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4015	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13718	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_13713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae
esv_13710	Fungi
esv_13711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
esv_13716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_13714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_6941	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6944	Fungi
esv_6945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_6949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_15710	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_15712	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15713	Fungi	Glomeromycota
esv_15714	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15715	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Acremonium	Acremonium rutilum 
esv_15718	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15719	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17371	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Trichomerium	Trichomerium foliicola 
esv_14414	Fungi
esv_16238	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9435	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
esv_5768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Heterogastridiales	Heterogastridiaceae	Pycnopulvinus	Pycnopulvinus aurantiacus 
esv_58	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_59	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium dominicanum 
esv_9431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia sp 
esv_9430	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_54	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Incertae_sedis	Gonatophragmium	Gonatophragmium triuniae 
esv_5762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Eremomycetaceae	Eremomyces	Eremomyces bilateralis 
esv_5760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Phyllostictaceae	Phyllosticta	Phyllosticta capitalensis 
esv_5766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_52	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_53	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp 
esv_17627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_5321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_14416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_8068	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_8066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_17462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
esv_14038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_14417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp 
esv_16634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_2229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_11729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_14527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_17463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_11727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Caliciaceae	Diplotomma	Diplotomma pharcidium 
esv_8060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_11721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_5327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum flexuosum 
esv_11722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
esv_15823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_10099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus caesiellus 
esv_11621	Fungi
esv_9223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_10094	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
esv_10097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Occultifur	Occultifur sp 
esv_10091	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10092	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10093	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_5379	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_17464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Cutaneotrichosporon	Cutaneotrichosporon cutaneum 
esv_2414	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17375	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Bjerkandera	Bjerkandera sp 
esv_5377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_9888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_9225	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5383	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_14393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_7660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Podoscyphaceae	Hypochnicium
esv_14391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_14397	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_14396	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_14395	Fungi
esv_14394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_17376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_16955	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14399	Fungi	Rozellomycota
esv_14398	Fungi
esv_7662	Fungi
esv_14412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Lasiosphaeria	Lasiosphaeria glabrata 
esv_10670	Fungi	Agaricomycetes
esv_10671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium	Ceratobasidium sp 
esv_8656	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae
esv_10674	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_10891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_10676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_10677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Ganodermataceae	Ganoderma
esv_10678	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_10679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella
esv_10898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_10899	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
esv_7665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
esv_17676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_7666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
esv_14835	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_13555	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae
esv_16512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
esv_3901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_3900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_3902	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17370	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1468	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_5998	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_5999	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_15899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae
esv_5990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_5991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
esv_5993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces tardus 
esv_5994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
esv_5995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
esv_5996	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_13271	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
esv_13270	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_5878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Incertae_sedis	Sedecimiella	Sedecimiella taiwanensis 
esv_13275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium
esv_13274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Teratosphaeria	Teratosphaeria sp 
esv_3908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_14422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes
esv_15895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Simplicillium	Simplicillium sp 
esv_15336	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Ganodermataceae	Ganoderma
esv_3244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Muscodor	Muscodor suthepensis 
esv_6319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_6318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus	Cryptococcus sp 
esv_6317	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon ochraceum 
esv_3235	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Passalora	Passalora intermedia 
esv_6313	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_6312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Arthrobotrys	Arthrobotrys musiformis 
esv_6311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala sp 
esv_6310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_17372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_2393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium dominicanum 
esv_1509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium trichocladiopsis 
esv_1508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1859	Fungi
esv_1858	Fungi
esv_5872	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
esv_1503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_1854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae	Leptoxyphium	Leptoxyphium madagascariense 
esv_1501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
esv_5579	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1507	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5200	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1853	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_1504	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_15337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
esv_14753	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea sp 
esv_4220	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_4222	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_4229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella intricans 
esv_4228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_17373	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_5876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_13014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Botryobasidiaceae
esv_13017	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13011	Fungi
esv_5875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16021	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_13012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_13019	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_13018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria vermicularioides 
esv_12633	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14752	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
esv_16273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
esv_13351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_16276	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
esv_16277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_13675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_16274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria	Tetraplosphaeria sasicola 
esv_17671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_1847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Branch06
esv_17413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_5203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Acrospermales	Incertae_sedis	Leptodiscella	Leptodiscella africana 
esv_12639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
esv_14750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_16278	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_16279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_7597	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_17675	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Junghuhnia	Junghuhnia collabens 
esv_17674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria falcata 
esv_7041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
esv_7595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_5204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_8069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
esv_7047	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp 
esv_7048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Incertae_sedis	Acephala	Acephala macrosclerotiorum 
esv_7049	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_8065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_8064	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus sp 
esv_8063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
esv_8062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae
esv_8061	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
esv_9222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Mycocaliciales	Mycocaliciaceae	Chaenothecopsis	Chaenothecopsis khayensis 
esv_3152	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_9221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9226	Fungi
esv_7590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
esv_9224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_3153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_9886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_9887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
esv_9228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
esv_7591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_9882	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
esv_6470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
esv_9880	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_9881	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales
esv_5576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
esv_5577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Incertae_sedis	Rhexoacrodictys	Rhexoacrodictys fimicola 
esv_3903	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Cuniculitremaceae	Kockovaella
esv_5575	Fungi
esv_5572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
esv_5573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
esv_17629	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_5571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
esv_3909	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_3156	Fungi
esv_15947	Fungi
esv_5578	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_3157	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma
esv_12634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae	Canoparmelia	Canoparmelia cryptochlorophaea 
esv_12635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae	Verrucaria
esv_12632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
esv_6474	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12630	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_12631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae	Lecanora	Lecanora orientoafricana 
esv_15941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
esv_6475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium
esv_14445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Trechispora sp 
esv_12638	Fungi
esv_7269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
esv_7596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Mycoacia	Mycoacia sp 
esv_7265	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7266	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
esv_7260	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7261	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7262	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_7263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Sclerostagonospora	Sclerostagonospora cycadis 
esv_15945	Fungi	Ascomycota
esv_14191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
esv_8289	Fungi
esv_8288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pyricularia	Pyricularia pennisetigena 
esv_7268	Fungi
esv_3158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
esv_7598	Fungi	Basidiomycota
esv_7599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
